Male
tissue
Buddha, my master
Prefer
Ca
Mau
Ni
Male
tissue
Buddha, my master
Shakyamuni
Muni.
Namo
Buddha.
Original
monk
Buddha
Mau
Ni
Today she came to meet her classmates.
The starting age could be as a third student.
The best year of college, right? Begin
From this age onwards.
If you don't go to university then
You guys are also going to learn a trade.
there. So, all of you have concerns about this?
Is that what Duc Anh just mentioned?
I'm very worried. On one side, career; on the other.
love.
There are some people who get to walk alongside
They are each other, meaning they have both achieved career success.
They are in love. And then there are those people who...
I don't know whether to choose love or career.
Which side should I choose? She has a lot of them.
The questions you sent to me.
They are very
I'm torn between two options, which one should I choose?
Did he or my nephew give up, ma'am?
If I choose him, I'll have to drop what I started.
my child's studies. So many, so many
question. That's why she brought it up.
Let her elaborate on this topic.
If every time someone asks her, she just needs to
This is just an introduction to the article, no payment required.
One more word from each person, one by one. Damn.
So now
She and her friends need to analyze it first.
Analyze for yourself, set your own direction.
First, consider what a career is.
Career
with that definition
The correct things are those
enormous, bringing benefits to many people.
and bring benefits to themselves.
And then there's an even smaller part, which is one of
As for career, it usually involves work.
To be good means to live a meaningful life.
Okay guys. Live a meaningful life.
For example, a career
of President Ho Chi Minh
So, you prioritized your career as a prize winner.
national liberation. Your purpose is...
national liberation cause.
As for singers, their careers...
People have contributed many articles.
sing well
right? A career is about making many contributions.
The song is great, and so is the director's career.
They need to make more good movies.
Career of
Hey, person
Business and enterprises must have them.
large, profitable companies
High.
Then we need to define our career path as well.
Okay.
Then, the career of a student...
People strive to reach the same level.
university,
Master's degree and much more. That's the person
We will strive in that direction. One
It's called completing one's career.
As for career and reputation, fame and success...
A career is about people pursuing advancement.
Those officials are called government officials.
We have to progress from one level to another.
This level, this level, this level, up.
There. And there are other careers, like writing.
That's poetry, writer, poet, is it?
profession.
And then there are those people, they say...
All I need is a family.
My family has a moderately prosperous life.
Right,
The couple were happy together, raising each other well.
children. That's also a career.
give it to them. If a family has a wife
A happy husband who raises well-behaved children
Does it contribute to society?
To make a good contribution to society,
To have peace is also a career.
It's not that he has no career. By
because he was striving for the job his wife wanted.
The husband and wife work together, they love each other, and support each other.
Raising children together is also a form of fostering one another.
dedication, an effort, a
Patience also means using one's intellect.
You just managed to do it, right?
That's also a suitable career for me.
people's abilities. What if...
and he actually became a real thug.
Is being good considered a career?
No one calls the person who has spent their whole life...
I pickpocketed someone so skillfully, and then ate.
How to steal skillfully so that many people get their money back?
don't know. That brings harm.
society and bring nothing to oneself.
What kind of title is that? That means harming yourself.
Then, harming society oneself is not an option.
You could call that a career. Nobody said anything.
I was successful in my career as a thief.
Isn't that right, everyone? unsuccessful
on my career as a cable car operator, or rather, I
Even a drug lord wouldn't be able to handle that.
I said I was successful in my career.
drug trafficking. That's not right.
Are not? Let's figure that out.
We determine if we have
make a lot of money by trafficking drugs and
Choose just one small path, and that's your career.
They are a happy couple raising their children.
Which one is better?
The couple is happy. good parenting
When you go out on the street, you're surrounded by people you live with.
with their lives unharmed
They harm and insult people without fear.
It's scary to be next to someone who's going to stab them, for example, someone who's going to stab them.
Is hiring someone to do chores for hire considered a career?
hero's basket
but he was a man who went to be a general.
Does being a soldier mean having a career?
If it benefits the majority, then call it that.
That's my career, you see?
This is for today, she wants these
You give yourself one
clear viewpoint,
a clear direction to strive for
Consider what your career path should be. When I
Find out what your career path is.
I will be able to choose my love.
What.
So, to support this line of thinking...
She would talk about a certain kind of love.
Love at first sight.
The two saw each other, not knowing what it was.
What this person is doing, what that person is doing, but
They fell in love the moment they saw each other. Feeling abandoned
I would spend the whole world just for love.
Is that so?
Yes, there are many at your age.
again.
So, it was captivating at first sight.
Ladies and gentlemen, there are also many others.
the advice she also heard
Other people advise students.
The advice is very good, but putting it into practice is difficult.
It's very difficult to accomplish this. For example, a child
Girls shouldn't fall in love before the age of 25.
Is it difficult?
If you tell someone not to love someone they're in love with, what will they do?
Can we avoid falling in love? Because falling in love before the age of 25
Then I might not succeed in
their own affairs. I will be loved.
It sweeps me away, and I will lose myself.
my profession. As for men, don't
Fall in love before you turn 30.
Is it difficult?
It's impossible, right? It's difficult, so don't do it.
Okay. Yes, she heard a lot too.
the advice when she heard it
With advice like that, what did she say?
But it can be done. Because when it loves, it loves.
I fell in love with it the moment I saw it. Now I know how to do it.
How can this be? That means seeing each other.
I've fallen in love. What should I do now? Post
They learn everything by heart, but when the time comes...
When you're in love, you forget the lessons, right?
Friend? I completely forgot about it. Forgetting even the words of father and mother.
advice. Forget everything.
I forgot everything I had heard.
Regarding career setbacks caused by romantic relationships. Forget
run out of. Although I collected a lot.
those
stories of heartbreak and loss, too.
The story goes like this: I got married early and then I...
Being in love only lasts for a short time, that's how it is.
When love is gone, life becomes meaningless.
I've heard of happiness too. But at
Why is it that when it comes to me, it's like this?
They didn't see that as a lesson, that's it.
Other people's business is none of your concern.
Is it yours? That's it, at that time it
That's just how it is; nobody can advise against it.
where. Then only I can do it.
That's the only advice I can give myself. So, today
She came here to guide you all.
How can I find love?
to have a successful career and a happy family.
The family always goes hand in hand with each other.
Don't leave each other. Then she came back with
Love strikes to see how much it will strike.
That much will make all my hair stand on end. Fight
How long will that love last?
It will be called tattered and torn, then it will go.
When it comes to fighting over love, it's like fighting.
They bickered and argued about disagreements.
They met, fell madly in love, and then started to leave.
Everything is done. Let's attack each other first.
And abandoning means abandoning everything and letting it rain or storm.
Just text me, I have a slight headache.
It was raining, but there was thunder and lightning. At that time, who was afraid?
It's very ghostly. At that time, even ghosts had no value.
No need to treat anything, I'm not afraid anymore, there's nothing left to fear.
To be afraid again. There, just a little while longer, my dear.
I'm craving ice cream.
I'll leave everything behind and just go.
It lasts for about
3 months. Once you've accepted someone's love, then you're on the same side.
"Oh, miss, he doesn't care about me," she said.
Just like at the beginning.
He seems to have forgotten about me. Now
What should I do to make him like that?
old?"
So, those are the questions that came to her.
there.
Then she asked the other students, "So, what about you, child?"
How did I come to you?
Tell the child to come to him, that's how they
He came home, he sent a text message, and everything was...
The messages were sent by my nephew.
They're always on their phones, I think, they keep sending messages.
I believe he'll reply right away.
Then she said that at that time he was still
He is exploring the child.
From the way they speak, I don't even know yet...
It has to be discovered through text messages.
The method of communication is unknown. for the past 3 months
We already know everything, what else is there to discover?
The way they talk, the way they walk, the way they live.
I've taken everything out. By the fourth month
When I replied, it still seemed like the same month.
best. The message was still there in the fifth month.
Similar to the second month. Sixth month message
It still feels the same even in the third month. Have
Nothing new. If you already know the answer, why ask?
Isn't that right, everyone?
If you already know the answer, why ask?
I know perfectly well that you want ice cream, honey. Know
that I have to run all the way to the shop right now
Where can I buy some ice cream to take home? I know.
but. And bringing it back would only feed it to its mouth.
Just a little bit. But before it...
Bring it back, it's so delicious!
Hey, that guy is like the sky. But
The second time he ate ice cream like that, he probably gave it less.
sky. The third time gradually led to the third time.
Ice cream is just ice cream.
That means the ice cream no longer has that flavor.
Yours too. And during those trips
I bought ice cream and ran through the rain to bring it to you.
It no longer tastes like you. Because
I know, but where is your taste now? Know about
Look how he's holding the ice cream. There you go
You see, this is what love at first sight is like.
there. It's simply a discovery.
Let's just be each other. Go out and get to know each other to discover each other.
But once you understand, there's no need to search further.
again. And people started searching for it again.
other.
Men are by nature explorers.
What are feminine characteristics?
Do you know how to write about yourself yet?
One person discovers, the other is the mystery.
dangerous.
When the mystery is gone, so is the capital.
When we run out of mystery, it means we've run out of resources. Friend
Who would reveal all their secrets?
The sooner we start, the more our capital will run out. That is
The romantic nature of love must be completely lost.
Are not? That's all. That's why
Your love was very short-lived.
month, January 5th of the year because at that time
There's nothing left to discover anymore. Again
a barren soul. There's no more style left.
There's no love left, nothing left. turn
The journey of a woman to India is to serve
That's the most difficult thing for a woman.
Our woman. When we are no longer here
If we are mysterious, we will no longer be attractive.
We become servants to chatter.
Should we pull, ladies?
So, today I'm saying this so that you all can see.
You can see love at first sight.
The more you examine and assess, the faster it will happen.
So many died.
The more we women chase after love...
No matter how much we are beaten, the more we lose.
The value is determined early on. Loss of value very
early. Okay, let's get back to the point.
How can you guys give it to us?
one of our careers. We
Evaluate yourself to find out.
my career is
Hello. We find our careers.
Whatever it is, we will find a solution.
Love is companionship. It will run throughout a whole
Our lifetime until the day we die.
We will have loves like that.
Would you like to have a love like that?
Are not?
That's it, it's been there throughout my whole life.
we. Now you have to go up to level four.
I thought of her beforehand.
What will I be? To the best of my ability,
What will I be? First, I went to school.
Why study? To get a job. To do it
What? To get money. What is the money for? To
Getting married. Getting married means
What? To have children. Once we have children, we will
What? raising children, building a family
family and their perfect career
from fame, career, and money to
At the end of its life, it must have an ending.
It has a happy ending.
We have to think of it as an ending.
It has a happy ending. So when we think like this...
And now she's thinking about her career.
First, she will accompany you, she will divide.
accumulate the companionship of love afterwards.
Okay. I want to convey this to you.
knowledge that will not
Caught between love and career.
Don't be adrift. So when we study
We've done it, and our goal is to achieve it.
Good grades, but nothing when you get outside.
What about work? Let's move on.
It's money. Therefore, we will do it.
a job outside of one's field of study, but one that pays well.
But remember, you must be good, not just good.
To become wealthy means to have money regardless of the consequences.
Even if it were stolen, the price wouldn't be that high.
Because we still have a future.
The family and their children. Family and children
It doesn't necessarily mean stealing.
Stealing or doing something like that is not like
Okay, that's fine. Therefore, we go through it all the way.
From beginning to end, it's all twisted out. It
It's work. We learn when we work.
It's not about doing the right job, as long as we have it.
money. So when there is money in this
We are reborn with a passion for our work.
So, passion, for example, when you go to university.
foreign trade, but he didn't go.
When you start doing something, you have to...
I'll go wash dishes for a living. You have to leave in the beginning.
When it comes to hiring someone to wash dishes, what is his purpose?
What is that? It's money. I want money.
As for the money, I'd rather wash dishes than not have it.
Fast, well done, skillful. Then in
While washing dishes, I also learned how to cook.
That means that purpose and that will
to stand alongside the people we will build
to start a family. That's where it will be built.
family. We'll start a family, and then we'll...
Find someone who can empathize with you.
In their work, they build happiness.
May happiness be with me.
There are also people who don't give it to me.
to have a smooth line of thinking
After arranging my life...
After graduating from the Foreign Trade University, I didn't have...
The job application process is flawed.
Not working means becoming a burden on others and feeling depressed.
Dissatisfaction, autism, suicide, right?
Friend?
We couldn't think of where we were going to end up.
that. It was very painful.
So now you should start.
First, you should give me a chapter.
throughout this entire life, when
You can go anywhere your career
You guys never roast anything poorly either. Miss
To give just an example, a construction worker...
Do you have a career?
Yes, I have a career. When people build from
The top is this big piece of mortar, this is the end.
Then the brick is inserted, the other end is pushed out.
Then it retracts. But in the end, the person
We built the city; the builders were very skilled. Female
That line is tiny and perfectly straight.
It's straight even without a string. This person
find joy in success
Is it a profession?
Have. People find joy in success.
The achievement of a career.
There,
Nothing is without joy.
The whole thing was a success. Therefore in
whatever you see
There are people washing dishes out there, people
Doesn't it look impressive to throw that discus?
Throw it away, clean it up, then throw it away again.
clean. So, that means they have passion.
passionate about. That was also a successful career.
labour. There are some people who are very good cooks.
No one can compare to them. It has a city
Is his career as successful as his? Have. Give
So, a career is what you will bring to the table.
Rekindling the passion. It gives me that
The passion and happiness of success.
See, everyone? That's right. But now
Now, don't let it be just a thing.
The starting point is the last one. University
I work in this profession, but I have to stick to my chosen field.
This is something I'm really passionate about. That's not true, I don't
passion. That's not as long as it delivers.
Give yourself the passion to contribute and benefit others.
That is what we will make our career.
me in each stage. And the
What is our ultimate goal? Yes, there is.
a happy family, well-behaved children, one
A strong family.
As for her career, she only gave an example.
The career of a monk is like that of a Buddhist monk.
What kind of profession? a career of self-liberation
and to serve all beings. For example, the students come home.
Here, the teachers see it as a source of joy for the students.
The teachers are happy because they are eating well and have good health.
What kind of fun do the students have studying with their teachers?
Are you passionate about it?
Passion. Therefore, their happiness
We are the embodiment of passion and success.
passion. I see. She said she was happy.
there. You must find happiness.
For myself.
So that I don't stray from being myself.
If we distance ourselves from ourselves, we will not
I hope you find happiness. Not
Happiness only comes when two people are in love.
happiness. That's not how happiness works.
It includes a great many things. The passion and success
The work done in that passion is happiness.
There.
Then continue
the thing I want to have is passion and
Success comes from pursuing this passion.
It is a very important factor. For example, you guys
While passionately studying, a lover came along.
They fall in love, they argue, they break up, but the passion remains.
Are you going to study more?
Studying without passion will not yield results.
If you study well, will you feel happy?
No, but do I have to retake the exam?
When retaking an exam, I don't feel happy.
If you can't graduate, then you don't have a job.
happy.
Then my initial passion faded and
Then they switched to being passionate about love, didn't they?
Are not? So now she's moved on to her passion for love.
Love.
Passionate love comes in many forms.
my passion. Some people are passionate about colors.
Some people are passionate about sex.
Some people are passionate about colors, some are passionate about...
about sex.
Isn't that right, everyone? That means this person only
Seeing a beautiful person makes you like them, but looking at them...
When you see a beautiful person, you like them.
Some people are passionate about sex, that is, they have
You can explore this girl completely, but you can also discard her.
Take that other girl. There you go. Remember that
Love involves passion, so you guys...
You have to find out who is coming to you.
What are they passionate about? And there are people who are passionate about it.
temperament.
This person has a gentle and kind nature, and sees people
This
Good calculation skills lead to passion. Seen in love
Love also involves passion.
And another thing is that people are passionate about it.
It's called winning because of intelligence, seeing.
What does it mean if this person is talented? It's passion.
Passion is called love, you know. Then
How do we combine passion?
my job and my career passion
and the passion of love we share
Which one is this?
so that we can have both a career and...
love.
She was just giving an example like this. The
Our karma is like that.
We crossed that sea. We have to cross the sea.
Only then will we reach our destination and cross to the other side.
It's a career. Then he was climbing from the shore.
Crossing from one side to the other, they met love.
Love. Encountering love along the way
From one side to the other. So, what do you mean?
Love goes hand in hand with career, and we meet.
It has to be love. So now we're facing a situation...
Love if this person is not stable.
Okay, if you don't know how to climb, you'll get dizzy.
in the whirlwind of love and no
Reaching the other side of a career. But if
people who find love and feel like they are human
With steady hands, they managed to climb onto the boat.
If this love goes hand in hand with a career...
Which way is better?
I managed to climb onto the boat of love.
It's better to pursue a career. Now
Now she will speak of the love of companionship.
with my career. I want love to be with me.
In terms of career, my friend...
That means we have to understand ourselves.
First, determine what your career path is before setting your sights on it.
The direction of travel is from one bank to the other.
That's it. That's what we need to understand. And the
The person you love must understand that
their careers and they must support them.
With their careers, the two of them
What will you share a boat with? Together
driver. She was just giving an example. This friend is
to be a government agency that is currently performing its duties
If this person is your lover, then this person...
To be clear, he is a civil servant, therefore he must
There is communication. In that communication,
He has to go and meet with his boss. Therefore
Do I have to go with my girlfriend? Do I have to go with many people?
girl. When entertaining guests, you must have this.
the girls.
To achieve success and fame.
Then he has to go through that problem.
and he will go with the girls in the company.
job
It's not that his intention was to
It is his family and career.
labour. What if the wife understood that?
After that, would the wife still be jealous?
Then their family wouldn't fall apart and the
Karma is not lost. But if the
The wife doesn't understand, or the lover
I don't understand why they're continuing today.
The guest must drink a glass of wine with her.
That's because he's the boss's son. Regarding jealousy over bags
Dust separates from each other. So, are you going to accompany me?
We can't go together.
Many things cannot go together. For example
Playing is going out to play, going out like this is going out to play
Your friend is going out, going like that means your friend is going out.
That's why they'll get jealous of each other when they get back. There.
Today I saw that one person, that one person
Once you've developed feelings for your lover, then leave.
Go to its page, check out that page.
I personally saw it and uploaded the picture.
They argued about bags together with their lover.
Dust sometimes separates us. And that guy
This lover avoided giving it.
Upload that photo to your page and then share the photo.
other. Those other people you have problems with
What question? Uploading photos is one thing.
Normal. Those are the kinds of situations.
Do you girls agree?
There you go.
Therefore, she started a family before.
She also said this to her husband.
Everyone has their own space. Older brother
Your friends are not trespassing. I have
My friend didn't trespass. But they
We all know that family is the most important thing.
Respect and friendship never matter.
It affects the family. Therefore
No need to worry, I'll do it myself.
I'm responsible, don't worry about it.
That kind of thing will make you overthink things. Give
Therefore, she has great respect for that issue.
and she practiced it even in her marriage.
That's her problem. Therefore, it is not included.
I'll have to bother him now, but never again.
I'm used to seeing where my husband is going out today.
No, going to a party, going to a celebration like that.
any. That means we remove that from the
first, meaning remove that completely. Are not
Whenever I care, I just go, that's all.
Because traveling requires communication. Deliver
In this life, there must be men and women.
female. This world must have both men and women.
It's impossible to leave. But men and women
age is not necessarily the factor.
Getting to know someone is the only way to build a large network of friends.
raft. The family also has many friends and colleagues.
He also has many friends, so he doesn't...
They can be far apart and cannot be without each other.
A handshake is acceptable, but an arm around the shoulder is not. Very
That's normal, right? That's it then.
What was her point of view at that time? Mandarin
The family's perspective at that time was their viewpoint.
family and how to raise children
The good, but not the other way around.
other. That's an idea, a viewpoint.
Points, a career like that. Then stay
Here you go, guys.
It is necessary to express one's viewpoint on the matter.
I've already created my own karma. Then you guys show it.
express your opinion
For everyone around.
express your opinion to everyone around you.
My perspective is what I see.
You have to study thoroughly. So when you guys
Make it more vigorous.
Here, she will tell you about... about
The concept of cause and effect in Buddhism. When they
We think about things a lot, very deeply.
Making it abundant leads to the arising of conditions.
go up. Those opportunities will come our way.
When you go to university, if you keep...
make it more vigorous in that
My career is to accomplish this.
excel in your studies,
Just keep making it more vigorous, then...
You will recruit friends.
boys or girlfriends
They almost share that same idea.
Almost everyone had that kind of thinking.
Friend. But what if you don't have one?
With a certain mindset, you guys just go to school.
And you guys started the idea. Oh, two years
The beginning isn't important, what will happen three years from now?
First, love, first, have fun. That idea of ​​theirs
You will attract people who
Success and fame will not come to you.
There, this is something you don't know yet.
in the karmic cycle of the world.
If something arises in our mind, then that
the karma of those around you
We have such ideas.
It will come to us. Can you give me an example?
but that's the teachers' mindset.
If you want to organize a summer retreat, you will need to recruit...
Thank you to those who enjoy attending summer retreats.
come here. Do you agree?
That means our mind is what attracts it.
Therefore, those things that correspond to the mind will
come to us.
That was right from the beginning. But what if...
You guys are already bad students, and yet you still demand more.
I hope I can be good at it.
Why did I pass with honors? Your hearts
Therefore, it cannot attract the ending either.
The fruit is excellent because it is not
formed because of the inherent qualities of the ant.
awake. And what about your mindset here?
You guys are so persuasive that I will
Studying with me means trying to learn in a way that makes it worthwhile.
The result was good. then the time of
You guys have enough, and this idea...
You can practice it, so it
It will attract things that help
You guys are doing well in your studies. That's the charm.
Okay. It attracts all kinds of luck.
To help you succeed in this task.
So, keep nurturing your ideas.
If you continue to train me every day, every hour, I will
Study hard so that it yields results. And those who have
I hope to have more friends like that.
Come to me. I hope to have such love
That's how love came to me. She told me today.
Okay, I'll share it with you guys later.
school romance that goes hand in hand with
Academic career, right?
Academic career.
If two people in love encourage each other
Are we motivated to study together?
Motivated. When two people are in love
Let's encourage each other to study.
As a result, they have stories to tell.
They continued to share with each other about how to find a job.
Is that okay?
Have. Once they've found a job, they'll ask...
They meet each other. When they asked each other, they agreed.
If they get along well, will they find it easier to get along later?
with what they earned in the game
I would live if these two got together.
Not available. Because I chose this job.
That was his idea too; he chose this option.
That's my idea too. That means it has the meaning of
If I were in there, I wouldn't object.
Is that me, guys?
There. So now she's back, she's finally here.
Let's get back to the issue.
when two people together
study together, consult with each other, and work together.
If people push each other, will they ever discover anything?
Can we just be completely separate?
We can never fully discover each other.
Because this person was a little late...
The other person urged him to study and...
As a result, it is always innovating. Therefore
These two people don't get tired of each other. You
Seeing how love accompanies us.
Then it is more sustainable than love.
Should we conduct an investigation?
Sustainable, gentle, yet romantic.
Are not?
Still romantic.
Because you are always discovering each other.
So you guys are romantic. I'm tired from studying today.
That's too much, I'm tired too. Let's go out for a bit.
When people go out for fun, they'll come up with these ideas.
games, meaning people come up with all sorts of things to play.
To make it less tiring. So there's romance.
Are not?
It's romantic. But love is a battle of wits.
What about 3 months? from romantic to
The dissatisfaction has disappeared. But love
If you love it and it goes hand in hand with your career, then...
you will have a lasting love, a
Understanding love. For example, she just said
That's all, the two of them made a date today.
Going out to have fun, but because this person wants to become...
give the work to the other person, and the other person will succeed.
Credit goes to this person. Just a small statement,
He has class today, and tomorrow morning he has a class.
He couldn't go for the surprise inspection."
The other person immediately replied, "Yeah, that's right."
You have to study and memorize so you can get results tomorrow.
"Good." So, is there empathy? And yes, there is.
A waiting period there. There was an anticipation,
a sense of anticipation, a longing, a hope
after my lover had a good outcome.
That's why people with good hearts are there for you.
Are we together? Being together. That is, a person
We may be physically apart, but our hearts remain close. There,
Love that goes hand in hand with a distant career.
Their faces may not be distant from their hearts, but their hearts are always warm.
Warmth for each other. But what if it doesn't agree?
action
He considers his exam subject to be superior.
You, right?
right? Am I not important?
That's love without companionship.
profession
This makes this friend very...
tired. This guy is thinking about the outcome of
I think I'll have to retake the exam.
This side is afraid of losing their lover. The world is full of suffering.
This person's actions might cause a loss of affection.
Are not? The feelings have faded. It just keeps diminishing.
It will gradually diminish, and then one will encounter a
A compassionate person will let go of their friend.
Let's go. That's why love studies
The path is difficult to find in the middle of a career.
It is not compatible with love. Therefore
When you have feelings for each other, then...
You have to see if this person is a companion.
Whether or not it will be beneficial to me in my career. Good
Is this person driven by lust, or is this person driven by...?
lewd. See? Especially if you have female friends.
there. People come to me with companionship.
with their career or not? Or because
her beauty. Because of people's beauty
I will leave you because no one will accompany you.
with his career. Because of lust
They will get tired of rice.
I'm bored. When they're tired of rice, what else do they crave?
I'm craving pho. That is, a person who is lustful.
People come to me, and they make demands.
my flesh. The flesh is fleeting.
bored. Then people will go look for somewhere else.
I'll lose my career, I'll lose my love.
Love. There, everything is gone, nothing left. So
So she came.
Well, she came to you because you wanted her to.
to have love, a career, and happiness.
Then you have to find the people
Love should go hand in hand with career.
So, when it comes to lovers, you guys are in love at this age.
No matter her age, she always thought it was great. It
This will be a driving force contributing to success.
you.
She also has some things she knows and experiences.
To share with you all.
She didn't share it with the people who were leaving.
Before teaching, they taught things they couldn't do.
kids. For example, parents might say, "You have to study."
But you're not allowed to fall in love. But while
My parents don't know when they fell in love. There
She doesn't teach in that dogmatic way. Or
Those who have already succeeded, they
They also had teenage love, but they
Something has broken down. They learned from experience and said...
That is, don't fall in love, because love will not work out.
He achieved success in his career. She didn't say either.
Yet she said that love, if it...
If it's going to happen, it will happen. But then they arrived.
How do we handle this so that we can work together?
Are they committed and long-lasting? And me too.
You must always have an opinion.
When you come together, you must
Clearly state your point of view.
You must succeed in your career.
Love goes hand in hand, but it must come to fruition.
career and success are the only things that matter when considering happiness.
family happiness. Is that Okay? From the very beginning
You guys have always held that view. You
Make it vigorous, and you all said so.
with those other friends of mine
People will lose the mindset of trying to force them.
I was forced to stop in the middle of the road. Do you see?
She told the girls this: Miss
I'm speaking specifically about the girls. And what about you guys?
For men, you have nothing to lose. In
the thing that a girl's life is like when she has
Once given, there's no turning back.
If they succeed, they will become dependent. Now there are two
way. Here's the first way. Method one
That's when you guys have missed out, right?
Not lost yet. We haven't lost anything yet; we still have something left.
The original fortress, you know. Nothing has been lost yet. They
Let's state our point of view right away.
Loving someone means getting to know each other about feelings.
have a cold. But the flesh must be the result.
Dedicated to love until the very end.
There.
Because I'm going to tell you this...
We have to shout. If we take it down
If we humble ourselves, we will die. I'll tell you.
He heard this... No, he does.
It could be the first, but it can't be
the last one. The last one is required
According to my plan.
[Clap]
Many girls messaged her saying
I'm going to die. Now he's abandoned me.
I'm going to die. How did Bảo die? Dang
After me, there are four more boys. That's how I died.
any? The four guys who were chasing him are dead.
How is that possible?
She told the girls so they would know.
that
I'm going to be with someone
A zero means I don't have it yet.
You have feelings for that person, right? If
If I leave someone, that person will be back to square one.
No, and then I started having feelings for that person again.
Is it the other way around? Why would I
Just think that when we leave someone, we go home.
Is zero permanent? At the starting point
My number is 0, why is it there now?
Is that you? What if I went back to my child?
I always have a zero.
unusual letters
right? In love, it originates
From nothing, a love story arose.
The feeling of becoming number one, right? again
He's also very fond of me, number one reserve 1.
comma
and tell your lover that you are now
Now there are four decimal places, I choose you, but you don't.
According to my plan, eliminate the remaining brothers.
three decimal places
Each day adds a few more decimal places, guys.
Remember, even Thi Lo had Tri Pheo, but I don't.
It's not the best in the world. That's right, right?
That's how we know that we don't
When will we have to be dependent on love?
Because we love each other, we women still place our names on it.
Career comes first.
Do you understand? Still prioritizing career.
head.
Never give up your career for one thing.
The kind of love that he has, the only one of his
life.
Remember this, you can only get married if your husband dies.
It would be extremely difficult if no one came to visit on the 49th day.
scatter.
Oh, maybe the husband died within 49 days.
Someone has come to flirt with him. There's already that guy
Some colleague felt sorry for the husband.
Died so young?
After asking about and taking care of the mother and child, they went to see the aunt.
My husband's aunt passed away just over 49 days ago.
but I have developed feelings for him.
That's because he cares a lot, but my nephew...
Afraid of being wrong to her husband, she said, "Yes, that's the mistake."
Her husband is right, but the fault lies with her.
Back then, when I was in love, I always saw that person.
The point is to take care.
So now whenever I see someone showing interest...
It means changing one's mind or heart. It's all up to us.
right?
Therefore, we women must
You know this, we women always...
to receive attention from others
Therefore, we will always have love.
permanent. We
Never. Understood? there are some
It's up to us how we perceive it.
right? That's why she said...
Girls often leave things unfinished.
Karma because of love, closing one's eyes and giving in.
Hands clasped together because of love. That's not the case.
there. It seems like those 25-26 year olds are afraid of being single.
No one is single. Do you understand? we don't
It's possible to get one, and we'll work together.
this matter. Of course, a girl is one.
Your boyfriend's fire. She also told the girl that
like helping our male friends have
the female friends thought standing
That was a good and successful decision, right?
If the girl is worthless, then a fire will break out.
Lam's lame boyfriend and his career
unsuccessful.
There
Therefore, she gave that advice to the girl in order to...
The girl encourages her boyfriend to...
Are not? I want to succeed in my career.
of myself, and I also want my boyfriend to become my boyfriend.
Your career, young man. And when one
a woman who is attacked and loved
She expressed her feelings, saying, "I want you."
"Success." The male friend tried hard.
Are not?
Try. Therefore, it is a matter of survival.
Who is the man? The woman is too much.
much. My love, how could you leave me? Position
It means giving up your entire career to follow you.
Dead. That's the dangerous thing about that girl.
Understood? And now she's turned around.
male friend. I've seen the girl, okay? Hour
She turned to the boy.
Whatever kind of man he is, let him be.
many women
Infatuated without having to go through the trouble of wooing someone.
That's too much, isn't it? If you try to flirt, you'll lose.
money.
Does it cost money to go on a date?
I lost a lot of money.
It takes time. I lost money.
We've lost this money, we've lost this time.
And then sometimes you even have to be cunning.
again. Winning over a beautiful girl
And you have to be cunning, right? We must strategize.
It takes a lot of effort to create something like this. Sometimes we have to strategize.
A match between four or five best friends.
I just managed to win over a girl. That's difficult, isn't it?
Are not? But now we have to do it.
Somehow, without losing any best friends.
Not a single drop of sweat.
It has to come find me on its own.
right? That's why she's tall, not beautiful.
He was 18, tall, big, and muscular.
Even though I'm only 16, I still have plenty of girls chasing after me.
No problem.
Because women have two basic qualities.
which they desired. First, this person
They are mature in all matters.
They are thoughtful and decisive.
Right? Does the woman like that?
Are not?
I like it that way.
And this man is the one who has
children
ideas, dreams, passions to
If you succeed in achieving your dreams, then people will...
Women will submit, serve, and build the dream.
dreaming for the man unconditionally.
lawsuit. Isn't that right, ladies?
You like a man who is passionate.
Passionate about his profession or a man?
All day playing games, watching football, going out.
cockfighting,
I like men who are passionate about achieving success.
Did you play a part in this matter?
There,
If we take the preferences of the female side, then we
That's all the kind of hobby we have.
We have succeeded in that matter.
Are not? Success.
Girls, do you think that if one of you...
a certain male student in that academic career
Would you like to be a student who excels in academics?
Do you like or have crushes on a guy but don't know?
What is learning?
Now she says that the girl is attracted to men.
male friend. How many girls are interested?
My male friend is intelligent and ambitious.
Raise your hand if you're interested in studying. Mrs. Lam looked over and saw
Okay. There. Then thank you all.
There. There. Today she's speaking for you all.
The guy knows what the girl likes. And
The girls like that, that is
She is a female friend who thinks ahead.
Are you a hybrid? The female friends want
Lam's successful friends are those
My female friend knows how to think about the future.
And then there are my female friends, who are like this:
He plays games all day, but my nephew...
I love it so much.
Then she said, "I agree, I love you very much."
muscle. I want my granddaughter's love to be complete.
I need to earn a lot of money.
I have to look after the baby alone and still be happy.
a lot.
Because I'm alone.
The person who is passionate about success,
She talked about cause and effect. The passionate person
Success is what a person wants to achieve.
Happiness is brought to others. That's the weakness.
The law of cause and effect, my friends.
She only gave one simple example.
Stop. A worker who works as a farmer.
Well, people have passions, for example, people
We grow vegetables, and people want them to be vegetables.
They produce a lot of fruit. The tree, for example, a tree
The cucumber plant produces many fruits. That's also one
Are you passionate about gardening?
If that passion is something, then that passion is something to be served.
Is this for a large group of people? Serve. And
Will that passion actually bring benefits?
Is it beneficial for my wife and children? Have. Therefore, any
a certain wholesome passion
If you bring happiness to others...
The wife also gets to feel satisfied and comfortable.
right? That's exactly what I wanted, I'm comfortable.
We come together because we are united. There
That's why she said that all of them
What kind of love are you building?
with a rich mind, that is, a thoughtful mind
It's all about that.
You guys play this game with five people.
You didn't fall in love with the game from the beginning, right? The
Please tell me what
his own ideas. I wish I
study this. I wish my friend also
He is someone who has this passion, who loves it.
and it was successful. Therefore, I cannot
who is there who is not there
Help me achieve my dream.
As for me, I knew beforehand who that person would be.
They are not my companions in love.
Okay. Do you understand this part? There,
You love and you leave.
The sign of loving and leaving is that the person doesn't
To pursue my dreams. Love will
cancel. Is R there yet? Don't ask her why later.
Why did he abandon the child? I don't know
Why did he abandon the child? I don't
To be able to accompany people. Because there is copper.
Those who act share the same ideology. Right
you?
Those who work together share the same ideology. Now
She said this to let you know that
Your relationship broke down because of a lack of agreement.
onion.
Walking together means sharing, and having a sincere heart.
the,
They are connected. If you don't go along, then you won't.
Sharing, not confiding. People must be mindful.
interaction with other people. Therefore, I
If she were his wife, she would only confide in him.
It's just about the children. Is it boring? Position
The remaining part is passion for the job.
In one's career, one must find friends.
that woman
exchange. What happens when you exchange it?
That kind of relationship led to the breakdown of the family.
Therefore, it is essential that we are the ones who come.
Together, we must bring the
What kind of career do you pursue? Into love. See?
Love must be linked to career.
It will last a long time, otherwise it will never.
long-lasting.
So, that's the kind of knowledge she presented.
Let me help you determine that. Firstly
Those of you who have talent in that area...
At some point, you will learn about it.
Me, okay? Learn about yourself. For example
I studied accounting, and when I graduated, I wanted to...
to develop my accounting career in order to
If he becomes really good, then I can make a plan.
math for private companies or
No company could be a small shop.
Isn't that right, everyone? I have to find it
It was my passion. Then I told
That's my boyfriend. I work in this profession.
When I get out, I'll work for a private shop.
Even a small task will do, and then I'll go do some extra work.
Then it will develop into two or three.
Is it a privately owned shop? What if...?
If I don't have a job, I'll go sell things.
I will become that person, that is someone who has
I also have a passion for making money and building.
a happy family. I will be the one
Serving a family means speaking out.
my intentions toward the other person
and people will choose companionship.
Is it okay for me to share my views with others?
Let's not love based on what isn't there.
They have a thinking ability. Build an entire sky.
It drifted away from me until I couldn't anymore.
It is practiceable. And the person who came
After we had been dating for a while, they realized...
I'm not like what I think I am.
I don't see anything like what I've seen before.
If you say it, it will fall apart. She said this place
Do you understand?
There you go. Therefore, the policy must still be applied.
I thought Buddhists had come in. We must know
We'll talk about ourselves first, then we'll talk about our own.
With other people, we will attract them.
to be brought together by like-minded people
me. Do you understand? That's going to search.
That's love. The journey to find love is over.
with my career.
There's another guy I can add to the list.
I don't have a great career. the
I have a great career, but I have a small one.
He just needs a family and talent.
His is the same, but he
will strive to make it a profession.
That's great. At some point, a career
With the resources we have, we will do it.
Is it for personal use? And then when discussing with
Once we're together, we'll share both good fortune and misfortune.
What? We'll stick together through thick and thin, and rise above it all.
We'll be together when we get down there. That is happiness.
basic. She wants to share this with you all so that
You will not be affected by karmic consequences.
In your past lives, you had many
Many karmic consequences. One is already beautiful
but a plan or doing something with
beauty, through her deceitful feelings.
which can cause others to lose their careers.
Surname. So now you might be
The consequence is that you will have a love.
something that doesn't lead to a result
Your careers were cut short. That's the fruit
newspaper. But you know this way of thinking,
You guys should all change careers yourselves.
It's gone. Is that what it means to practice asceticism?
Should we change careers? To practice Buddhism is to change one's karma.
But spiritual practice begins with mindfulness. Right thinking
The direction is towards a career change. Distorted thinking
If we take that path, we will face the consequences of our past actions.
Okay guys, there you go. So, what are you guys doing today?
When she comes to Buddhism, she will combine the
Phenomenon and essence. Its nature
We are being governed by karma.
force. She gave them a way of thinking.
to transform karmic forces.
Transforming karmic forces always starts with one's mindset.
throughout this life, we will find
find what's yours and find what's yours
How will you handle setbacks in life?
any. If it were me, we'd be in love.
If you were to join my profession now...
I'm in love with you and we said I'm going to leave.
He will work at the company; he will go to work at the company.
But what if we go out and have nothing to do?
We could be hired dishwashers.
So what? Right? Go wash dishes for me.
Do you still love me? He said he still had some, but
We still need to think about both. First,
The other two are gone because of humans.
That's not the thought right now, it has to be.
later thoughts. So if you
I was working as a dishwasher when he didn't love me.
Carefree, I'll go find a money laundering tycoon.
bowl
Is that Okay? The dishwasher boss. Because
Love is not based on...
fame and status
which it is based on
His career was continued by others.
Only by receiving it can it truly become love. Two
People washing dishes together talk to each other.
Is it possible to be intoxicated in a way that brings happiness?
Happy. But one of them was a dishwasher,
A guy who's a director is now in love.
each other.
I went into the restaurant and saw the woman washing dishes.
Turn away without shame. The one who washes the dishes
Is this happiness?
Then the new dishwasher boss will be happy.
Is it more? Than. Therefore, happiness is
what we are given, what we are allowed to share.
Change, and receive empathy. Do you understand?
That's what happiness is like.
Therefore, if happiness is like that, then...
There must be a love that originates from the same place.
Feelings, sharing, right? There you go. The
Do you remember when you two had a relationship?
Love without empathy, without sharing.
Sharing, helping you will cause you suffering because
That love, and that love will fade away.
broken. Do you understand this part? There. Position
That's why she brought you to see who she is.
Similarly, saying that love is great.
but in life they will choose
Career and profession will bring love.
Love isn't everything.
There,
When we were too young, we
thinking that love is everything
but it's not a career that will flourish.
Love is born from that, my friends. She just said
That's all. We can be together.
together forever
1 month
I checked the card and there was 5 million left. Month
The two of them ate instant noodles. There are 3 million left. Month
On Tuesday, we also ate instant noodles. It's all gone. Still
Can we still be in love?
We can no longer love each other. So, guys...
Don't assume that love is everything.
Judging it that way will ruin everything for you.
Love and career. So, guys...
You have to find a career first, then find the right person.
Love yourself and support your career.
As for me, you will get both love and
What? Career and happiness. There,
She also today
establish
a new club,
that is the club
Love
Happy Buddhist Family.
In her club, everyone
friends who don't have a boyfriend/girlfriend or
Those who already have a boyfriend/girlfriend have signed up. And she
There is also a rule in that sentence.
This club is
Moral training.
Whether you're a man or a woman, you can join her club.
moral training
and find your career path.
of mine.
And you all understood each other through discussion.
about each other's careers and yours
They will find empathy and companionship.
Love, career, happiness. You
They got married in her club.
to reduce the number of answers that he
She doesn't understand me; she doesn't understand me.
Let's get rid of that for the sake of society, guys. The
When you come here, you have to live by the rules.
virtue. The first
That's you guys
No theft.
Do you like your husband and wife?
Was it theft?
Secondly, they are not thuggish or aggressive.
Fighting and stabbing each other. Do you like one?
Is that the kind of wife a husband should be?
The third criterion is honesty and integrity.
It's over between them. If you have already done your research
You must be honest and truthful with each other.
It's over between them. Do you agree?
Her fourth criterion was to learn.
They can be comfortable with each other, love each other, and then break up.
But you have to break up first before you can love someone else.
Do you agree?
The fifth criterion,
Not getting drunk or addicted. Have
Do you agree?
Okay, she's going to start a club.
This and she will help you.
Support your friends to complete their personal development.
ways to fulfill my dreams
It's exactly right and suits who I am, with
their abilities and develop those abilities
improve your abilities. That means development for
You guys have your passion. There,
if the girl accepts the boy's proposal.
Her team needs to provide support and assistance.
To help Nam fulfill his passion,
My dream, however small. Lam
He agreed to date a girl in his club.
She also has to help her female friend complete the task.
Can I make it my dream come true?
And the male and female friends in the sentence
Her club has a responsibility to show filial piety.
It is acceptable to both families.
Are not? Filial piety is a responsibility that must be fulfilled.
filial deeds, words
Filial piety is a must. That's the person in the sentence.
The club uses these filters, these filtering methods.
there. And so, the other people in the club
of her
Two people must work together to do these things.
good deeds. So we had a shared dream.
Are not? It must have something connecting it, something
A shared dream.
And the people in this club of
She will become part of a large family, a
extended family. This couple, the wife
That husband, that couple, are all friends.
Did you have fun?
She will divide it into separate areas.
This province area, this province area, area
this province, that province. There, and
You can fall in love from one province to another.
there. But then they got married at that place.
Then they'll go back to that place.
You see, that helps you.
How much did you get?
So rest assured that everyone who comes here...
We all practice repairing and refining our hearts. They both mend and repair mattresses.
It also has strict rules. If
like, for example, as she said in the club.
She forbade borrowing money from each other.
No one is allowed to borrow money from anyone.
No theft. If the behavior is detected
If someone steals, she will report it to the police.
Theft behavior will result in expulsion from the club.
There are some decent photos. Is it strict? Absolutely.
This person committed theft.
Other, there is evidence, there is proof. Ask for
Please remove this person from the club. Friend
This person has addictive behavior and uploads photos.
Remove him from the club. This person has
The act of being in love with one person and then falling in love with another.
there. The first warning issued.
Would the club agree to this?
So, what about us?
Let's state our criteria, though.
whether we make a lot of money or a little.
Money is not the deciding factor.
of happiness. The person ate a whole platter full of food.
Eating, if it makes you happy, is also a way to enjoy life.
a feeling of happiness. And these two people
Sharing a piece of bread is a feeling of happiness.
Happiness is still the feeling of joy, isn't it?
you?
But this guy with so many dishes might not even have it.
The feeling of happiness is like that cake.
The noodles are split in half.
She didn't talk about the distant future, she didn't talk about the future.
the one
Thinking in terms of love for a small hut.
Painting of two golden hearts. She doesn't think.
in that direction. But when trouble comes,
Two people can share one.
bread, then devised strategies to
What are you broadcasting? Develop. That means when you are rich.
They also know how to eat and work together.
Then they learned to share and go together to make offerings.
Let's give alms together, let's bring joy together.
But when times get tough, they stand together.
It's tough. Because we are Buddhists
You can eat rice and vegetables, you can be a vegetarian, you can
Eat less. Is it easier for Buddhists?
you? Easier, more empathetic, and easier
Development makes progress easier. Therefore today
Today she also shared everything with you all.
The students here are the ones who will be here in the future.
If you become a monk, it will become a club.
youth. As for her, today is official.
That is, to establish this club. Is there anyone else?
If she participates, she will be allowed to participate individually.
And where is the school you are studying at?
Okay, everyone. Then she will go into the group.
In the middle of the school, she will look for the landmark.
In this school, I will have this many friends to...
You guys become friends. Then you have
social gatherings. You
Do you think that's okay?
And the criteria she set out in those
University requires you to have a degree.
Is it possible to study well? Let's make friends with
they met and set a common criterion for the result.
academic achievement. You will do your best and
In which you will have the following outings
Let's play or socialize in a healthy way. There
Then you will have it instead of us.
Whoever I meet and hang out with now is the one I'm playing with.
We have a choice of time here.
She told them this: Friend
The raft will dominate for a certain period of time.
We define within a 24-hour day
How many hours do you spend sleeping, how many hours do you spend on...?
Study, how many hours for travel, how many hours?
We take them to the market, feed them every few hours, we...
only a limited amount of time remains.
To give to friends. So what if we
We don't know who our friends are or what things
Pretend, that was around that time, those friends
This will affect the entire time period.
Is that the remaining space, everyone? Position
but we already have a friends list.
They are already good and kind people. Go forward
If it's something good and kind, then this friend will do it.
give us abundance in all things
Is that all that's left to do? There you go. Give
So she also let her friends stay away from that
Many people say that when children go to school, some don't.
I have a best friend. What is a best friend? A best friend is
those who can share with me, together
That's my point of view. So now she'll give it to you.
Let's start with that point of view, okay?
Are not? Before all that, then
You will naturally become those people.
Close friends are like the girls who go to the temple together; they'll naturally become close.
From how far away does it take to get here in a week?
You can become best friends in two weeks because
Because we share the same viewpoint. That's the owner.
The key is that we share the same viewpoint.
You all share the same opinion.
They will become close friends.
Are not? It's very easy. Then after that
In this session, she will present the criteria and
above, right at the first post above
page. That's what her page looks like. Still
if I play with a friend
Those who don't share the same ideals will lose each other.
If you fall in love, leave immediately. The person who left
The same goes for you. One must have ideals.
of a monk. Without ideals
The monk met a girl who glanced at him.
Is that the loss of one's monastic life? And all
The same goes for work, and my career too.
position. If we don't build it ourselves, we'll find it for you.
I have my own perspective on life.
If you don't give yourself a career, then...
I could fall apart at any moment. And in
Life is just a matter of wondering why I'm like this.
Why am I like this? Why is my child suffering so much?
Because I don't have the perspective to
Let's make it a success.
the career I have chosen
If I choose that option, things will fall apart. You understand?
Not yet? So, I really hope you all pass the course.
From now on, you guys can do whatever you want.
will
It changes according to the way of thinking.
Especially for those of you who have just started working here.
That threshold in life is leaving the chair.
school, leaving grade 12, general school
high school. You can also come in.
University graduates can either start working immediately.
Some people go into that profession, they go to work.
right. So when you start working in your profession, you also...
There must be a success of these
Friend. Learn a trade, and practice it to become truly skilled.
That's great! I'll open my own shop.
business or something like that, meaning a career in business.
Is that what you call commerce? There, that's a success.
Okay. There are people who dedicate themselves to serving all beings.
to build a career. Those are the teachers who went abroad.
family. There are people who are idealistic for the sake of existence.
The soldiers are the pillars of the nation, for example.
People also sacrificed everything. People
We are doing this for that ideal. People have happiness
Are you happy? There is happiness. Humans have
Ideally, people should be happy. By
Because happiness is the ideal. You
Understood? Some people don't need male love.
Where are the women? No need. People don't need it.
to romantic love between men and women. People still have
happy. That's because they have a point.
If one imagines it, they will find happiness. Hanh
True happiness lies in ideals.
That's happiness, that's pure happiness!
big. That's how happy people are.
Then she also hopes that all of you will
If I choose a career for myself, I will
I am happy in that career when I...
success. A woman, one can have
It could be that you give me an opinion, I
I don't wish for much. The child only
Their wish is for the couple to earn enough to live comfortably.
He has good, obedient children. Son
Teach him, raise him well, and he will become...
A good mother, a good wife. Have
Does anyone else hold that view? There is an official
that point. They have that point of view, and they also...
Let me make that clear. I don't need money.
much. I don't need this, I don't
I need that, that's all I wish for.
Stop. So, I will serve that passion.
his obsession. As for me, I will fulfill my duty.
this matter. There. And people just keep doing it.
Being round like that will make people happy. Son
Laughter makes people happy. The child cries for the person.
We feel happy when we manage to appease someone. There
That's happiness, do you understand? Give
Therefore, happiness is what makes people happy.
To be happy, to be at peace, to be joyful. Give
So I had to immediately present my idea.
initial. All I need is a family like this.
That's all. What about husbands and sons going out with other women?
Then just ignore the child, it's fine, as long as the child...
Just with my child. She used to have one too.
The idea is, she's a woman, she...
I also talked to the girls. She also has
The idea is very clear.
She said that she built a family with
My child, you have a job to serve me.
The family is well-provided for, life is good.
Everything is complete, both sets of parents are at peace, and I am...
He is a filial person. That means she gave the
That's her outlook on life. Therefore, she left.
That viewpoint she developed
thought. As soon as he stepped through the door...
My husband, you're stepping outside my house.
Uncontrolled.
That's why she has that kind of mindset.
In her husband's job, there is also...
many relationships, some of them are
The system doesn't control people.
Therefore, I also want to clarify the point.
that point and people feel reassured.
We feel that we should just reassure her.
That's good. I'm not going.
Going overboard won't ruin happiness.
my family. Because the point of view is
Both sets of parents treat their children well.
Raising them brings their own happiness.
That's enough to make me happy. And you go outside.
It's up to you; just walk through the door and you'll be there.
My husband. And when you step outside, I...
Uncontrolled. There. Then that person
Even other people's husbands know that it's me.
There's a peaceful place, isn't there? One
There is a place where people can find peace.
And so, that person is the husband.
People won't have to agree with her.
Whether he's handsome or not, he shouldn't compare himself to his wife because...
because my wife is beyond the realm of
That woman is incomparable.
Okay. Because women overcome that
categories. For example, the category of the female
What does "female" mean? I was asking too much. Pham
The woman must demand love from her husband.
Is your husband being too indulgent?
Isn't that right, everyone?
Here, I've gotten past that landlord. I
That's not necessary. I just need one
family and children. That's all. He doesn't
I indulge myself; I indulge myself. I'm not
demands. Therefore, they don't feel suffering.
Never. The man who lives with me.
If they feel unbound, then they
You have to commit to it, guys.
That's it, and I also have that when I talk to myself.
If I can say it, I can do it. Me too
So, I also have my own friends.
I am very serious and I can
You can play, you can take care of your beauty, you have
It's fun, but my fun is wholesome.
strong because the essential thing is my family.
like that. So, along with that, she also...
To be frank, I accept that I have a family.
Happy family, but if he goes with
If there's someone else, if there's someone else, I'll leave you.
before he left me.
Because what I say is what I have.
I want a happy family, not just any family.
Just leave everything to my children.
Being safe and sound is not the important thing.
It's him. So when will she speak?
She didn't make too much of a big deal about it either.
of someone else. Expressing the opinion that
I am not dependent on others.
Therefore, I won't be taken advantage of by others.
match. That's the secret of that girl, you know.
Yes. Girls should never say that sentence.
It's like this.
Without my brothers, I would die.
Oh well, then I'll just be lowering myself.
It's me. What difference does it make if he's absent?
That's what I said. He's going with him.
If you go out with someone else, I'll immediately...
Someone else was also there to pick her up.
And I will be faithful. I will be
loyal person. Do you agree?
Are not? Therefore, we must have that
This is our concept of happiness.
Happiness comes from both sides. Happy
It does not come from charity.
Is it possible to do something else? That's my point of view.
It's about happiness. It is impossible to give alms.
I will be the husband. I will do it all. Because
If my husband contributes to society,
My husband's dedication brings happiness.
What are you giving? Give it to me. I cannot contribute
Donate to someone who doesn't contribute to you.
society and also not contribute to the family.
Is this a temple, ladies?
How can I contribute to him?
We were both mentally and physically involved when he went to pay the debt.
Donate it to someone else? That's impossible.
Okay. That's not fair, is it? There
Therefore, she wanted to tell all of you...
Set your own criteria for learning.
This action, this job, family happiness
temple. You have to think and come up with all the ideas.
with a criterion like that, and you will
Love arises from these criteria.
there. There, that's the issue she just raised.
Love in the context of building a family. There you go.
Do you understand, girl? It started with love.
She already gave it to me in my studies. Love
Throughout her career, the work she gave
Okay. Now, love has emerged.
within the family. I don't control you.
in relationships, but the relationships
His system must bring happiness to
family. And he's not allowed to control either.
I'm criticized in relationships because of this.
Your relationship will bring happiness.
within the family. Thus we have one
lasting love. See? Love
That's what love is like in a family.
Love within the family. Don't let her...
My husband is violent towards me, but I...
I still love you. Because I didn't specify what it means.
It was love first, that's why I'm in tears.
belong. I'm afraid of losing this person.
Is there anyone left who loves me? Do you understand? Love
Love is within ourselves. I could have three children, I
There could be four children. I'll leave my husband if he...
They have no feelings for me. I left my husband.
I raised all four children. There are still people
Others developed feelings for me because of me.
A capable person will find someone to love.
Do you feel it? There you go. Therefore
Girls should never be
You have to be passive, but you must be the one.
Live according to moral standards. You
Understood? We live by the standards of morality.
virtue. We are not dependent on love.
We love each other, but we deserve happiness.
From love. That's it, I really hope you all...
That's possible.
Ah
The information team will
Show the video she prepared.
on the club for everyone to see
Okay.
More than 26 centuries ago, while the entire universe
The column is adjusting in the dark cushion of
Ignorance and craving, Shakyamuni Buddha
Ni has attained the supreme enlightenment.
Precisely at the foot of the Bodhi tree. After
Having attained enlightenment, he brought forth profound truths.
miraculously turning the wheel of Dharma to save us all.
born. All beings in the three realms are like light.
that wondrous Dharma was transformed
Transforming suffering and pain into happiness.
peace and tranquility.
Those who are fortunate enough to renounce worldly life and practice the Dharma will seek...
Pray and practice his teachings will
Attaining enlightenment and ending suffering.
His teachings also teach those
Those who are not yet ready to become monks or nuns live in
In daily life at home, borrow less of those
Suffering and distress, finding happiness.
in this world.
Yes, according to the teachings of the Buddha and
the teachings of the abbot and the great master
The monks of Bao Vang Pagoda, Ms. Pham Thi Yen, the owner.
The mission of the national gold club is to practice the Six
Hoa founded a love and marriage club.
Buddhist family with the wish that all
Both young men and women have become disciples of
Buddha, if you wish to live a lay life...
The practice of his teachings brings
Benefits for the present and the future.
In the club, the members who are not
Having a family gives you the opportunity to learn.
together, build a marriage, live a life
live happily in this world, become
Buddhist families.
Each family is considered a cell of society.
society. A happy family contributes to a happy society.
I have just found peace. In the Buddhist family
The husband, wife, and children all live according to the Chinese zodiac.
of the Buddha, observing the five precepts from afar, not
Do not kill, do not steal, do not commit adultery.
Don't lie, don't get drunk or addicted.
Flooded. Each member lives with a pure heart.
That's how kind and good-natured they are. The family will become
harmony, bringing many benefits to
lifetime. Whatever difficulties there may be
Use Buddhist teachings to resolve the issue.
Be at ease in any situation. Umbrella
Poverty, despite all the hardships. Building happiness
Happiness is based on the foundation of Buddhist teachings, wife
Husband and children will understand and empathize.
Share, listen, and be patient with each other.
than.
From here we are eroded away
The source of evil thoughts: greed, hatred, delusion.
Enthusiastically, they encourage each other to practice diligently in order to prepare.
It is a profession for oneself and one's family, and also a form of self-care.
It's morally upright, but it's also a cruel twist of fate. No
such, love and marriage clubs
Buddhist families also guide their children.
to show filial piety and repay the kindness of others.
two parents who are nothing more than
to introduce parents to Buddhist teachings
Taking refuge in the Three Jewels. Children will also be worshipped.
Receiving such an education makes one healthy.
Do good, sow the seeds of Bodhi from the very beginning.
While still young, so that when they grow up they can become a...
A good citizen is a good person who benefits the community. If
In society, every family can do it.
In that way, the country will be peaceful and prosperous.
It develops and causes intense sorrow. That is also an advantage.
The benefits of a marriage and family club.
Buddhist temples bring this to you.
The previous incarnations of Buddha Shakyamuni and his companions
Lord Yasodhara, on one occasion, together
They offered lotus flowers to the Buddha.
Nien Dang and his companion vowed to follow each other.
in countless lifetimes to come, she will be his wife
husband until the Buddha attained enlightenment.
Aspirations on the spiritual journey of
me. Then it goes through 24 stages of enlightenment.
precisely in their cycles of birth and death they have
to become husband and wife, providing support and assistance.
together in spiritual practice. Until the very end
Prince Siddhartha married the princess.
Yudhara later resolved to become a monk.
and become a master of heaven and earth.
Princess Sudhara also followed the price.
The Buddha's teachings on practice and attainment of enlightenment (A).
Arhats. A Buddhist family with husband and wife is
Being a fellow believer will bring many benefits.
However, becoming a monk or nun is still...
The most victorious is the one who benefits the majority.
Happiness for gods and humankind.
Therefore, we should not do this for the sake of the five.
Forgetting worldly desires and passions.
He made a vow to become a monk.
May the love club and kisses be blessed.
Buddhist individuals and families will receive gifts.
to grow stronger, to apply the teachings of
Buddhism enters into everyday life to bring
again, practical benefits for everyone.
young people, for families, and for society as a whole.
festival.
Dear friends,
There's a saying in this world: "Love deeply, but never truly love."
What do you gain from all this hardship? Take one. Take it and it melts away.
If it breaks up and you marry someone else, what are you marrying?
Taking one means taking, which means owning, which means
There is always only one person.
There were five wives and seven concubines in that relationship.
That system. But deep down, the man
even though they had five or seven wives in their hearts
What else do you still own? There is one. That means I still love him.
This woman is the best, right? Lam Ba then
Of all fifteen women, you still love her the most, right?
It's impossible to say whether loving five women is the same.
See? Therefore, their possession
We are one and only, nothing more.
Guys. I'll marry you no matter how much I love you.
one, own one. In Buddhism,
Love is destiny, marriage requires karma.
Guys. Perhaps you two are in love.
Love is beautiful, but there's a reason why...
A broken relationship and marrying someone who isn't the right person.
The love was beautiful, but the person who got it was...
That's a good deal, guys. They have mutual benefits and karmic connections.
That's right, it's impossible to go without benefits.
They couldn't get married.
So, here we are competing over this...
What is this?
There are plenty of pigs. In one lifetime
We benefited greatly, so we
What do you love so much? I love many people.
Now how do we let that happen?
Transform this cause and effect to obtain it.
to get the person we are hoping for
According to the principle of cause and effect. You guys know
These 10 people, among these 10 people
You all have the potential to become husband and wife.
It's not that there are no people.
Because you don't know how to create a good impression.
Therefore, you are mistaken.
Let me give you an example of one of these. In
Is this place where we are, guys?
I like five people, and maybe five or three.
Do other people like you? We
Here's a sesame seed, a mustard seed, and a
a bean, an orange seed, a chili seed...
Let's all cheer down. But watering
Whichever thing you give more of will thrive.
It grows into a tree. Do you agree?
Are not? Watering will help them grow.
into a tree. So that core is located there.
Right here in our hearts. If
If our hearts are filled with filial impiety, then...
summon that unfilial wife back home.
I'm going to be the wife. If our minds have
Filial piety will attract good fortune and opportunities.
He was a filial son in the old days. In a past life
to be my wife.
Those who are interested in their careers
This will attract the good fortune to find a partner.
He was concerned about his career and wanted to be his wife.
On this club of hers to develop
all the good circumstances in love have
Your staff are ready.
Do you understand? You all have it.
There is filial piety, there is unfilial piety, there is righteousness.
This, there is injustice; this, there is success and there is
What? Defeated. So in this club she
to awaken all the good qualities in
among you. Where there are virtuous actions, there are
Success comes with good deeds; good actions lead to success.
labour. Without virtuous deeds, there is failure.
Defeated. If you are filial, you will...
success. If you mean it, then you
It will succeed. If you have good karma, then
You will succeed. Therefore in
The club tree is something she'll put out and won't let anyone have.
to nourish the seeds of evil
Good deeds prevent it from growing. The
Do you understand? Let you water it.
The seeds of goodness are within your hearts.
Then this connection will bring you together.
to obtain all good blessings
past life connections combined with current connections
In this lifetime, I wish you all happiness.
happiness. So when we have this mindset, miss?
I'm not saying it's for a lifetime. Why stay?
In the final part, she showed a picture of Prince Tất.
Buddha and...
Queen Maia. In a previous life, he was
The two of them went to worship Buddha together. And when
Prince Tất, the predecessor of Prince Tất
Datta went to pay homage to the Buddha and make offerings to him.
Then they had nothing in their hands. At that time
Now that girl has seven lotus flowers. Because
Therefore, she was the crown prince, Siddhartha.
I just asked the girl to sell me seven flowers.
I use lotus flowers to offer to Buddha. Then the girl
Tell the girl she's not selling it, but she'll give it away.
Prince Siddhartha, the previous incarnation of the prince
Siddhartha also offered sacrifices to the Buddha. And also
I wish that in many lifetimes I would be
Princess Yudhara
Princess Yasodhara, you forgot.
Princess Yasodhara.
In that precursor, it presented the
The saying, the wish, that if many
I gave him that because at that time...
His predecessor was also very handsome.
A sincere heart radiates a certain aura.
peace and tranquility. Then the predecessor
Princess Yugadala said...
that if in many lifetimes, you and I
They will become husband and wife and then live together
They offered sacrifices to Buddha. That is why
many lifetimes of Prince Yudhara
Princess Yughadara and Prince Siddhartha
In many lifetimes, the Dalai Lama has become...
They are husband and wife, but they help each other.
female
I hope my career will be successful. The
The ultimate goal is to become a Buddha. wall
self. In his final life, Prince Siddhartha
Many practitioners attain enlightenment and also help others.
for the Dujiadala
attaining Arhatship.
So, that's why she wants to build a family.
Buddhist temple
starting from the same point as in the beginning.
the previous incarnation of Prince Siddhartha and
Princess Yugadala.
Do you understand? That's the predecessor of the company.
Lord Yudhara. Okay, remember that, everyone. Have
Perhaps we haven't met in many lifetimes.
but in her club it will be a lifetime.
beginning. And why is that possible?
These married couples have been happy and in perfect harmony throughout their lives.
Do you agree? So, for many lifetimes, they have been wives.
Because they are husband and wife, they are close to each other.
That's enough. Because it arises from body, speech, and mind.
Karma. Do you understand? Life
together when you have one
In short, let's all go and offer prayers together.
Well, let's work together.
good. So, is there a connection between body, speech, and mind?
common starting point as a precursor to
the period preceding Prince Siddhartha
Multi. And you live like that for eternity.
If you are born as a human, you will have...
Offering alms, because one performs meritorious deeds for the body.
Your appearance will be beautiful.
Then these two beautiful women got married.
Are you happy? It becomes two again.
another beautiful woman in the next life will marry again.
together until the day of achieving enlightenment.
We can reduce suffering right here and now.
to alleviate and lessen suffering in future lives.
hybrid. Do you agree? There you go.
She founded this club. Desire
Let's all practice these things together first.
This fairy. Filial piety. Two filial people
Living peacefully in this life is also a blessing.
than. May the two of them be harmonious in the next life.
When we meet again, let's live with love and respect.
Are not?
Be kind and loyal, my friends. So
So after this session, she will let
Guys, please register and write clearly.
Please provide the information. Now she will introduce
Introducing them to you all. Now we have them.
Just the girls, no guys have joined yet.
That's a lot because they're all busy with work. with
The photo shows mostly brothers and sisters.
The work is done. So she also longs for it.
that
Her contact list includes her sister.
Tran Thi Mai. Are the ladies here?
Right?
First is Ms. Tran Thi Mai, second sister
The second is Do Thi Ngoc Anh, who is currently filming.
Here it is. Did you see her?
Ngoc Anh. Third is Ms. Nguyen My Linh.
Is Ms. My Linh here?
This is Ms. Nguyen My Linh.
Fourth is Ms. Nguyen Huong Lan. Older sister
Is Huong Lan here? Ms. Nguyen Huong
Lan.
The fifth person is Ms. Nguyen Thi Thuong.
This is the contact information. Please give me a round of applause.
Hand over to the new club's contact person.
Miss. Thank you, ladies.
Now, later when we get out, we'll establish it.
Then she will give each one a location.
Her family will have a liaison committee. Miss
We also hope that when in the club
Her team includes successful people.
For example, if there is a company, they will bring
The club's employees
We'll start working at that company.
So, they're all good and kind people.
Wouldn't it be better to work with me?
For example, I just opened a shop, the shop
If my company needs five employees, for example...
The next generation will become five people.
your staff. So we live
Wouldn't it be nicer to spend more time together? Very good
They're together. And we know that humanity knows
Yes, it is. When she entered the club, she
It will explain cause and effect. These two people
They may have been together in a past life.
They were destined to be together. Therefore, doing business has its ups and downs.
What about when things went up and when? When going down. When going up
When they went down, the two of them came together.
The law of cause and effect teaches us to endure and overcome.
And then what are we going to do? Let's go up there. Then she
I'm also eagerly awaiting your friends in the group.
universities, you can replicate this.
those
[music]
the club's ideology and you guys
I'm developing this idea.
So, when she gets to the next part, she'll answer...
The question. Does anyone have any questions?
Then you can stand up directly to
Ask her. Or perhaps you ladies have noticed some
Which question is in this? Duc Anh is here.
There's already a question on the page.
There was a first question from a fellow student.
The student is sitting down below. My child
"Auntie, I'm 23 years old this year, and this is my first time being in love."
head. We are the same age and in love.
It's been a year now. People around
My friends and family all commented on me.
Things got much worse when I started dating this person.
My child is bored with school and skips classes frequently. Son
Take care of yourself regularly.
I don't care about other people. My child is still...
After lying many times, the child accepts the person.
My boyfriend went to relieve his stress with someone else.
I'm having a tense relationship with my family.
This. I'm very tired of people's reactions.
For my child.
I know you're not a good person, but I can't help it.
You can get rid of him. What should I do, teacher?
Thank you, teacher.
She thanked Duc Anh.
This is a refrain she has to pay for.
word. I know this person isn't good, but
I still can't give it up.
There.
Not only is this person not kind to others?
Other things that this person will not be good for themselves.
You too.
If you have noticed this point
If you're not nice to others, that person will still...
If that person won't be good to you, then...
You have to accept these things for her.
I can't give it up.
the punches to my face because of me
I like it.
Do you like it, girlfriend? Do you like it?
That person is not a good person. I can't give up
I didn't get a punch. Try slapping yourself in the face.
Try giving it to me and see if you can quit.
I can't give up stealing.
I gave him my money so he could go wherever he wanted.
Is it possible to get rid of it? You will come up with one
series. Can you quit?
When you can let go of those feelings
It's seeing people with other people.
Are not?
Can you get rid of that feeling?
Should we discard it or keep it?
Should you retain a feeling that
You will end up staying home and cuddling a child.
The child cried, and the other person went home with a message.
Are you going to swear?
That's why she just told you.
Like this. We don't have a man.
With this man, we will have a man.
other.
It doesn't necessarily have to be the sky.
my when that sky was calm
60 degrees, right?
All bad things are being put into one's head.
I, on the other hand, need the sun to reach 60 degrees.
Already. There's not a single puddle of water left to...
I've already drunk it. The trees can't grow anymore.
He's dead. That's why that love...
It means being irrational, unaware of reality.
profession. Therefore, she hopes that after you
When you listen to this song by her, remember that
You will have many lovers around you.
If you come back, you will nurture
Friend.
The problem is that you guys are deteriorating too quickly.
Why is that?
It's in your heart, guys. If the
You have a career plan, right? This is what she said she intended.
When dealing with girls, you need to be careful about certain things.
Hey, hey.
My nose is broken.
right? Her eyes are slanted, her lips are curved.
My teeth are crooked, my skin is dark, nothing will change.
That's correct, right? If that's old.
It cannot be changed. Toilful
I only wear makeup when I go out. Remember this
This. Makeup is for when going out with friends.
male. If you're living with your boyfriend, then it has to be like this:
What side?
My real face, my bare face, is when I live with my boyfriend.
No matter how much makeup you use...
You see your boyfriend showing his love for you through lipstick.
Powder will crumble very quickly when you're wearing no makeup.
Your expressions will show. Please let
Your natural look is what you use to find a lover.
The best.
[Clap]
So, guys and girls, when you see guys...
I like her natural look, but...
The girl dressed up too much, so it turned out like this...
The new guy gradually falls in love with the American house.
product
And they didn't even know that it was in a love
You guys don't know how many there are in a year.
How much poisoning, how many times do you keep it in?
their intestines
Or maybe poison your lover with a kiss?
Just suck all the lead into the core, that's all.
where.
She's telling the truth.
This girl applied four layers of powder, starting from the top.
Lining for the outer layer. Unfortunately, falling in love meant kissing.
Even a spot on the cheek would indicate poisoning, so
It's just a matter of caution. Sometimes they only dare to lick it.
Just its lips. I don't dare to kiss. Kiss
Lack of confidence. Because after kissing, they agree
The new meaning reduces life expectancy.
The more you kiss, the shorter your lifespan.
right?
The more lead you consume, the more toxins you ingest.
Stop. Do you understand? So you can see
That whoever loves me without makeup will be the one.
It will be harder to give myself up. Because people have
Accepting everything as yours is enough.
But you can go ahead and put on your makeup. People
What I love is that face with the makeup on.
People love you for who you really are.
where. Then, when you actually show up...
It's natural for people to get bored. Do not
Blame me. Therefore, the boys must
She revealed something like this. Express one's feelings
The girl agreed until the time came when you guys split up.
Please use your hands to illustrate more clearly. He said it honestly.
I love that that that
Her face was powdered, but today he noticed.
This face is different from that face. Older brother
I don't like this face. It's not his fault.
right? He's not at fault for leaving.
I'm the eldest. Basically, he loves the other thing.
Red lips, rosy cheeks, curled eyelashes—just right.
Are not? He loves that. But today I
Let's compare and see clearly where the padding is.
The earth has arrived here. He loves that other person, doesn't he?
Get out of here quickly, I'll chase them away right now.
That girl is mine, right? Position
Therefore, if you're foolish, you're doomed.
So when confessing your feelings, you're confessing to that girl.
Lips and cheeks painted with lipstick, she looks absolutely stunning.
I confessed my love to Thuy Kieu, why?
The woman who appeared before me was Thị Lỏ.
like this. Thi Lở knows, right? So
The people of Nam Lam are not at fault. Therefore
When a girl gets close to a boy, it means she's in love.
He told her he wanted to be in a relationship with her. Tell me slowly
Mai confessed her feelings. Mai left her face completely natural.
Tell me if you love this face or not.
[Clap]
Obviously, its face is just like this, but it's smart.
Please let me know in advance. This skin will turn black.
This will happen over time. This lip will
It has become more prominent over the years because of him.
If I'm not careful, I'll swear too much and it'll get chafed.
curve upwards. Do you still love me?
Understood? So you guys shouldn't be
go into taking care of your beauty to have
to be loved. Never do that.
Beauty treatments should not be used for the sake of achieving something.
The love that we still cherish
Beauty is important, but you must also take care of your soul.
We will have love that lasts forever.
No matter how ugly I am, it has
fate. Where does charm come from? It comes from the soul. The
Remember that. This is something nobody has described.
Okay. Here it is. She told the girls
Listen. The girl looks kind of ugly, but...
fate. That charm radiates through the light.
squinting eyes. It's fate, you know. Squinting eyes
But the soul is what it shows.
Through the eyes, it is expressed through the mouth.
A smile is expressed through facial expressions.
So it's bad, but what is it? It's charming.
Well, it's beautiful, but it lacks charm.
Because seeing this beautiful person...
The sentence has a haughty tone; it has something about it.
with a noticeably high nose and an oddly shaped mouth.
Heart, black eyes, beautiful eyebrows, but...
It has some things it lacks, and some things it doesn't have in terms of feelings. But
But looking at this dark-skinned woman with her pouty lips, I see...
fate.
That's very charming. Just take a look, it's very...
There are many people where the husband is successful and the wife is not.
It doesn't look good. It's not pretty. Actually
It's not beautiful, but people still look at it.
kind-hearted, and they look charming.
My friend. Therefore, she advises you that
A beautiful soul will complement that.
beauty that people call heavenly beauty
Wealth, but in Buddhism it is called karma.
force. It forms my body.
It cannot be changed. Therefore, we can
Support through the soul. My soul
It's beautiful, it's youthful, it's lovable, it
forgive. Listen, she said, children are easy.
Can you forgive?
Right? Is the old lady forgiving?
Are not. Therefore, the unforgiving causes
It makes us age faster.
compared to myself.
The lack of love is what makes us
Solve quickly. For example, there is love,
Seeing everyone and feeling love is also...
That's a human being. But if you see someone
They also complain, they're all human beings, so...
Does it age faster? Old
Faster. So you shouldn't wear makeup.
You're so beautiful, you should take care of yourself. To be
Women should also know how to maintain their beauty.
Pretty. But it is the beauty of the soul that truly matters.
the root. If you water it,
It's so cheerful. Now she said this
It makes you old, and you cry.
A perspective on companionship in love.
with my career. You will find it lightweight.
gently. You don't cry, you
Don't be submissive, you are not dependent.
If you don't suffer, you will be beautiful.
right? I also have people who come to flirt with me.
I. I also love, and I'm making that clear.
point. Here's my opinion on this matter:
He also has his own opinions in life.
We found we were compatible, we stayed together.
We discussed that viewpoint a few days ago. But then
When you're no longer compatible with me, when you're no longer compatible...
From that perspective, if we abandon that person...
It lets go, it easily slips through a joke.
The storm raged, but people were not spared.
It's shattered, isn't it? And the others
So engrossed in love, they forget about...
Karma dictates that when a relationship ends, they will suffer.
If crushed, it will be torn to shreds and nothing will remain.
That youthful look again. Many people
I've also lost faith in life. There,
Many people lose a love that has ended in heartbreak.
Faith in life always. Therefore you
What you should have around you is...
There is love for parents, love
For family, love for
career and the love life of one's partner
Included within all of that love is
You will bring happiness. Therefore, according to
She has advice that you will live
Go back to being yourself. Let's cultivate that
Let your soul go for it good and you will
Just be direct with your boyfriend, no
There's nothing to be afraid of. First, how have you been lately?
They say loving him has made me uglier.
there. But my heart remains the same. Older brother
Is it love for the soul or love for beauty? Let's clarify.
Always the same point of view. What about the rest with the parents?
This is how it is, this is how it is.
Regarding that position, you should also clearly state your viewpoint.
Always measure people's feelings.
Let's make it less awkward. If you don't
If I can say that, then the time will come when I...
I decided I couldn't say it out loud.
Where's your mouth? Do you see? Therefore
Through what happened to you, she hopes
All of you shared everything from the heart.
with friends and anyone who comes to inquire.
I'll express all my opinions.
right from the start. Do you understand? The girls
It's as clear as stating one's point of view.
me from the very beginning. to make people feel
If they find it unsuitable, they have to leave.
Go ahead and meet someone who's a good match for you, then let them be.
When they were courting me, and later on, I was easy to win over.
Let's talk. Instead of saying "I love you,"
This is the best, or maybe you're no longer here?
That's nothing. Besides, there are still this many brothers left.
Things to strive for, this many things to accomplish.
wall. Is that clear to you all? She replied
You're like that, you change the way
Look at the relationship from afar because of age.
You are 23 years old, still very young for you to have
Striving for a career alongside
love.
Yes. I would like to speak on behalf of the person who just placed the order.
Thank you for your question, ma'am. And I say, teacher, and
Here you are, everyone. This is the number of questions.
Please send your submissions to the organizing committee here.
Yes. There are many.
And now, may I ask a question?
The next question from a friend interacting online.
next. One friend has interacted directly with me.
with our direct contact. Question
This one has a topic that's a bit suggestive.
When I bring one out, you'll all be amazed.
Love and sex.
Yes. This person has the following question.
I have a question. I'm 20 years old this year.
age, friends of the same age as my child.
I've already experienced love. Almost none
It has to be teenage love, but love
Love comes with sex, my dear. Such
This will affect their studies and their children.
future career path. Sit
When it comes to studying, all you have are hundreds of phones.
They texted each other to flirt. Let's call each other "brother".
commune, wife, husband and wife. As if they were already married
Yes, ma'am. Then they skipped school to go out and have fun, and even invited others.
Going to a motel together is a very normal thing.
often. But parents don't.
He had no idea. I think my child goes to school very much.
Be diligent, and ask for money to pay for tuition.
Increase the price two or three times to get the money.
play together. I'm very worried about you.
My body is in the same condition. I hope
She gave us advice.
At their age, they should be in love.
Is it good or not? And if you love, then love wholeheartedly.
How to have a beautiful love
best. Thank you, teacher.
She thanked Duc Anh.
[Clap]
Is this what you call school problems?
Friend? Question
You guys have access to a lot of information.
Internet system
Therefore, it is within yourselves.
It motivates. She will speak according to her ideology.
of Buddhism.
What gives birth to us humans?
That is karma. In that karmic force
He has the karma of lust.
If there were no karma of lust, then...
We were not born human.
Not born as a living being. Except for
enlightened masters, those who have made vows to save others
Okay, again. That means making a vow to dedicate oneself to saving lives.
As for sentient beings, the Buddhas travel by four paths.
thought. Do you understand? The travelers
If we believe in ideology, then ideology will prevail.
personal feelings.
One can use thought to purify oneself.
This body has transformed, my friends. Purification
This body. Those who lack independence
I thought that being big would make me suffer because of this body.
owner. And this body consists of...
This satisfies eating, sleeping, urinating, and defecating.
Convenience and lewdness. So, you understand now, right?
This falls under the category of bodily impulses.
The body controls the mind.
He was starving.
This can make the mind prone to stealing.
eat
They're all serving each other, folks.
Seeing that beautiful car, I wished I had one.
The car is beautiful, you think that's my opinion?
guys, but this isn't a feeling.
The lifespan of the body promotes the formation of thoughts.
I thought so, guys. I saw another friend.
I love it, but you guys have two things.
happen. First, there is the mind; second, there is the body.
urge. Today she's letting you continue
A slightly deeper understanding of Buddhist doctrines is required.
Just a little bit for you to form your own opinion about yourselves.
When is it that we are the ones whose thoughts are in control?
It arises whenever we are controlled by our own body.
thought. Do you understand this part?
When you see that girl
When you are born, you begin to feel love, remember that you are...
having the capacity for lust to control and develop
It gives rise to the feeling of love. And when the
You see a friend who is good at studying and morals.
Germany, that's how you guys used that idea.
Mind to love. You see love emerging
It arises from two sides: thought and the physical body.
Be in control. Do you understand? Two things
Then we are talking about the issue of lust.
Desire can lead to love.
In Buddhism
The part that involves a lot of lust, lust.
It's numerous and completely dominates people.
That karma is the karma of many animals.
A person with excessive lust will control everything.
When driven by lust, they find it difficult to control their actions.
their actions because they lack independent thinking.
Don't hold back, guys.
People like that
Success is very difficult.
Those who possess strength and prosperity
The body felt an irresistible urge.
If it's uncontrollable, then that person leaves.
Achieving success is difficult; it's hard to get things done.
big. I see. Today she said it in that way
Looking at karma, please give your opinions.
To understand a person, to get to know a person.
And what about someone who uses that mindset?
I thought I had control over myself.
Then that person will win. When
What am I planning to do? You understand this point.
Not yet? Whatever I decide to do, I will win.
And then there are those who are just starting out.
Its body requires constant opening.
I've been watching the movie and constantly looking for a solution.
Sometimes, we cannot win against rape.
When someone confesses their feelings to you, you immediately jump in.
If you don't love someone, you can't show your affection.
If you don't want to give it to me, then so be it, I won't.
I couldn't prove my feelings for him.
It turned out to be nothing, those girls at that time.
At that moment, he was a person who was not in control.
to experience one's own feelings. It's instinctive.
The animal is in control, the instinct of a person who wants to go out and have fun.
There is a part of us that is animalistic.
and a part of the human being. When does the feeling
Life itself governs, it possesses.
Too much of it leads to instinct becoming instinct.
The person who went out to play is gone. Is that easy for you guys?
We're so hungry we might kill.
People to eat, people to rob, possessions to eat.
survival instinct. They are simply acting on instinct.
survival. Did you notice the house?
There were two dogs who were very close friends. When there is a
If there's a bone, the two dogs will fight over it.
Are not?
There was a fight. Therefore, the animal
It is dominated by itself.
so many. As for humans, they take the initiative.
What did you think you were going to be in charge of? The owner of the body. Give
That's why they say that person has more of a childish side.
more than the human part, this person is human part
more than the animal portion. You see the sentence
That's the saying in Buddhist teachings.
It's also very commonly used. As for the child...
many, few people, and some people.
There's plenty, but my child only has a little left. That is
Greed and anger are relatively rare and subtle.
Go. Then you guys go into one and just think
When it comes to love, all they think about is satisfaction.
If a person is self-satisfied, that person will find it difficult.
It was a huge success, guys. Because they think
No matter what you think about, your thoughts will always focus on that
Just this one close friend. So, how do you eat that?
Being worried, how to sleep soundly, to do
How can they enjoy sex so much?
Easily angered by things related to the body.
Their desire for dominance remains unfulfilled.
They will get angry, guys. There, for example.
as a girl, the one
This girl must also have been afflicted with a limb injury.
They combine a lot of things. Do you understand this part?
That's right, falling for a girl is also a matter of personal preference.
Their family background exerts a great deal of influence. Although
They said that I have feelings for someone.
Otherwise, I find myself loving someone else more than my wife.
me, but their love also appeared
It originates from the sensations in their bodies.
Not found. You understand this point.
Not yet? This column provides in-depth analysis for the
You understand. If their animalistic side...
If they spend less time with someone, they'll start thinking about their family, about...
responsibility, honor. responsibility
On what aspect does honor lie? Quarter
Imagine, the thinking part, the conceptual part. Position
But they dismissed it all, they said I was a good match.
This person is better. That's what selfishness is all about.
Then there are few people.
She hopes that when you
Regarding this question, you should refer to the bar.
filter yourself
And you guys should exercise some self-control.
She will teach you how to master it. When the
You're hungry, really hungry, face to face
Please give way to others.
Other foods are eaten first to develop the human part.
and fewer offspring. We are in control.
our sexual side. You understand?
Not yet? That's a small thing. When you're hungry,
Let others eat first because I'm hungry.
Don't steal the food first. That's how to practice.
practice.
That's the second part,
when you crave something, for example
I'm so sleepy, I can lie down and sleep.
right. But look around, there are only a few.
If you're sleepy, choose a place to sleep.
The others and I will sleep later. You will
The animalistic part of it decreases and the human part increases.
Chief. Do you understand? There,
Wherever you go, you should
Do it like that. When riding a motorbike, you should yield to others.
Let others sit while I stand to give them my share.
My children are fewer in number, my humanity is increasing.
That means I have control over my own body.
My way of thinking has evolved further.
My intellect has developed further. That is
the thing that allows you to control your desires
me. So when you arrive, you will have
the consideration that we love makes us lustful.
What will happen? What will happen to us? What will happen to the family?
What does that mean? That is, their ideology.
He will be vigorous. Therefore, let's move on to the sentence.
Answer this, she
Here's an analysis for you on each one.
Our people have an animalistic side and have
the human part. Our mission is to receive
Knowing the animal part, she said the animal part clearly.
Therefore, the person who beats or abuses his wife
What do people call that thing? Animals.
Right?
[Clap]
We must reduce the animalistic nature of
I'm leaving. I have that kind of animal inside me.
the thing that currently exists. We must eliminate
Except for the animalistic side of myself. There
Then we will be less lustful. Understood? Keep
That way, lust will be less. Glass
Ladies and gentlemen, those who practice asceticism, for example,
That applies to both monks and nuns. When
These girls bring out the essence of humanity.
love, sharing, dedication, nature
The sexual part is completely eliminated, no
What about feelings, desires, and lust?
There's still a little bit left. No longer available. Look
A man knows another man, and he sees a woman.
Knowing a woman, you can tell a man's heart by looking at him.
male.
Knowing what they need to help them improve.
and no longer have that animalistic eye.
That also includes the aspect of mutual possession. There,
That means seeing this man.
It's mine. Seeing the woman with the umbrella
This person must be mine. It is not damaged.
They're not that quick-witted. People
We call it love in real life.
but in Buddhism it is called the child's part.
They have too much control. It is an animal.
That's a very strong combination. If love is built
Respond with happiness, with a career, with
that kind of love
It has human characteristics. You understand?
Not yet? That love contains...
that includes filial piety and loyalty.
Then it will take on human characteristics. Still
If love is just lust, then it is...
The child's part is very large. That's all she said.
This is for you guys. The mother hen lays eggs.
A baby chicken is a rooster. The rooster has
Should I spin around to kick the mother hen?
Is that so?
The mother hen lays eggs and gives birth to chicks, but the chicken...
Its offspring is a rooster. The big rooster
Did it trample the mother hen when it got there?
Have. The mother dog gave birth to puppies. Son
When puppies grow up, they mate with each other.
Is she the mother dog?
Therefore, the animal part
It doesn't have
There is no distinction between parents.
wife and children means he has no sense of self.
You thought you were so noble, didn't you? Position
Therefore, the person who sleeps with this person
Then they go to sleep with someone else, meaning...
He has too much of the animalistic side and too little intelligence.
I thought it was too little and I couldn't control myself.
Therefore, girls when
that older guy who's my boyfriend said...
If you love me, remember to keep it for as long as you can.
You are mine. The married community clearly posted
Once we've signed, we belong to each other.
where. That fully conveys the emotions of
Father of the mother of all.
So while we're in school, let's not dig.
to steal the share of another person's child.
But what exactly did they have to steal? Do you understand?
Therefore, we must rekindle that
the human part of us. Awakening
the human part in another person. Don't dig
the animalistic part of oneself to combine with
the part of another person's child. So she paid.
Answer to his question. Who else is there that they
If they want to use the animalistic part, let them.
Well, if they're using their animalistic side, just ignore them.
I can only offer advice, and I understand.
I know to stay away from them. Do you understand?
dental?
Yes. "Is that your face?" you just asked a question.
I asked, "Thank you very much, and actually..."
even though there are a lot of questions.
But time is limited.
So all these questions are on the side.
The Ministry of Culture and Information will compile and
I will send it back to her and her friends will receive it.
Answer all those questions through
live streams of these sentences
her Q&A sessions on
The pages and the information are also
Someone asked, "So, how do we do that?"
How can I contact her? After the session
Each of you will receive one of these.
the sand, which contains information
such as phone number, email address or
Facebook pages, those pages
Official information from her and her friends
You can ask questions and she will answer them.
forms such as via text message or
That's a direct answer. Remember this, guys.
No?
Yes.
Before the program ends, the child
There's a question that might be unrelated.
It's a bit off-topic, but like today...
I heard some feedback from you yesterday.
There is a friend who has two scenarios as follows.
One example is when there are four boys...
One of the boys hid inside.
The restroom was for smoking and there were three guys in it.
Then I went to the toilet, but I smelled it.
I can smell the medicine. So I went to introduce myself.
We smoke together.
And a second case is that there is one
You said that if you knew the sign
If the phone was this easy to get, I would have hidden it.
The phone is here. Then I also have one.
The question is, with those things you
The first question is with those
the thing that person wanted to call a practice to
Give up those things you're addicted to.
but then I encountered a scene, oh, I encountered a scene
He's an addict just like me. and got
To stumble upon something like that is a matter of fate.
How? And if it were me, I'd still follow that
With such addiction, karma will inevitably come.
Star. And then there's the mindset of the second person.
If I knew it was that simple, I would have just...
Even if you hide it, you'll still receive a gift like that.
So, how does that affect the job?
Or is it related to love?
Huh? Yes, ma'am, could you please answer that for me?
Regarding your question, son/daughter. Oh, thank you, Duc.
Older brother.
In our realm of existence
Nothing is natural, guys.
Yes. It's all a matter of fate. So she just...
It is said that this rose appeared naturally.
Is it currently available?
Is that so? There is no such thing as it happening naturally.
There are many coincidences. The destiny of the seed,
The destiny of the land, the destiny of the water, the destiny of
fertilizer provider.
The charm of silence, the charm of light, of sunshine.
Do you understand? Rain, a lot of it.
A new beginning can form a rose.
Like this. Then your lives
There are also many opportunities to
We will create it for you in the following steps.
according to. She's just giving this as an example. If
When we sever one connection, another will follow.
It will succeed. For example, this rose...
If you cut off the charm of not watering and tending to the plants, then...
What will happen to the tree? They don't produce large flowers.
Its flower will be small, right?
It may or may not flower, or it may flower.
but its flower is small if we
You cut them off without fertilizing, right?
Friend? It's the same here.
You've come here for a one-week retreat.
all the rules that the teachers set
These are rules to help you practice.
Training to awaken the seeds
Good, to get rid of the bad seeds. There
It's fate.
But what if you were to bring those things up again?
The bad seeds are discarded, the good seeds are thrown away.
What else is it? It's fate. Same key
tu, in the same
among you, in the same congregation.
But there were also people after the retreat.
Then painful karma will arise.
It's tough.
And there were also some people dancing in the retreat.
to produce good seeds.
There was one person who attended the last retreat.
He's in a hurry, you should meet her. You said
"Yes, ma'am, I'm your niece. I'm from Bac Giang."
He is a student at our temple this year.
last year, but now my grandchild is suffering.
If he gets into legal trouble, he could be...
He was arrested and prosecuted, but now he doesn't...
I know how. That means going home to have fun.
then
Yes, I fell into football betting. And then
This led him to become a drug dealer in order to pay off his debts.
The money for the bet has already been borrowed from loan sharks.
Then they had to become drug traffickers. Drug trafficking and
Being of age means you are not
For large-scale trading, you only need to bring a small amount. And now
right now
He was about to be prosecuted, but...
He hasn't been arrested yet. Do you understand? That
It's on this drug trafficking ring.
He only deals in small things.
That's why it hasn't been squeezed yet. Then she
also stated clearly
Why did you come back from the retreat and then...
Is that why? Why do you have these things?
He was already in the retreat, but he didn't...
Should my grandchild change careers? The child is inside.
What does this three-day retreat entail?
I intend to give the child good practice, not
By breaking the rules, I managed to transfer the item.
This is my karma.
Because in the practice of righteous Dharma
The Dharma will transform karma. In the main
illegal practice
Then, having failed to change their old ways, they...
It also creates new bad karma, my friends.
Do you understand this part?
So in this life, the mind
I often hide and do bad things.
We need to know that we have these fruits.
The newspaper said it had to be kept in hiding from everyone. Fruit
That report says it can't be transferred. Therefore
Where would you like to go during the retreat?
Here, we practice with the blessings of the Buddhas and Bodhisattvas.
O, protectors of the Dharma. I have to try harder.
serious actions taken in a previous life
What unwholesome actions have you committed? It should have
You must pay the price for your actions. In this life
In my suffering, I pray that I may practice the correct dedication of merit.
to change careers. Do you think it's good?
Is it more?
There
Don't say that you know that it is
It would be easy to get my phone back, I'll take it.
always. Remember this. Who will be taking the exam?
You are creating karma so that you will have to...
pay. With that kind of heart, you will raise children.
disobedience
How will you all get your comeuppance?
Disobedience.
Paying the price for lies. I lied.
My child is lying. I am suffering because of lies.
Is this your child's gift? Therefore, the karmic retribution is pain.
I have to endure the suffering.
Okay? So don't think that
Someone has to be watching over me all the time.
I'm not lying. I always
Having someone guarding you means you have good fortune.
That's already made a mistake. You never
to be the leader of a team, group leader
of a group. Do you see? Sow
That's very difficult. So now there are these
The answer to the question is that there are people
The billionaire who became a child was a thief.
Is it tall?
Is that true? Have. There are people
Even though they were rich, in the old days people were one.
Thief. Now people...
People need a certain amount of time. Replace
Change it, right?
It takes time for people to change.
It can become like that. But
Some people can change, and some can't.
It cannot be changed.
If this billionaire were to...
If he doesn't steal or gamble, then he...
Are there even more billionaires? In
Past lives have created and caused much.
blessings. In this lifetime, during the process
Stealing diminishes your blessings.
Do you understand? But the blessing of
He still has a lot left, so he'll still come back.
It's possible to become a billionaire. Then I
It's also impossible to know if it's a person.
If we steal, people can be uneducated to...
To become a billionaire. But I have
If you are certain that you are uneducated, then you will
Can I become a billionaire? Therefore, many
The person said, "Just play as much as you want."
That guy over there, he used to be a billionaire.
I didn't study, and I don't need to study either.
But remember, in someone else's possession...
Although they are uneducated, people
We have passion and we succeed. There
Do you understand? Passion is beneficial.
benefit. For example, people don't like going to school.
but make sure this person has one.
passion for something. So when you grow up
That passion then developed into something.
It's a good career, guys.
That's why she's analyzing it here so that...
You understand that we shouldn't compare ourselves to others.
great people that I need to understand
Being true to oneself and having a correct understanding of cause and effect.
If I am truly destined to become one.
The greatest thing is that this son's actions are in accordance with the law.
It will help my child become even greater.
Do you agree? Great City
than. But what if you don't know yet?
As for my child, he should just keep going to school and learning all sorts of nonsense.
That other position, maybe my son will become famous.
The voice of destruction, the destruction of lives.
My child, you're ruining everyone's lives, causing them to...
Everyone is suffering. Do you understand? Should
She looks forward to seeing you all during a retreat.
This will help you develop these skills.
Kind and benevolent people, so that you can transfer
You have earned your karma. Remember that
The Buddhist scriptures teach this:
to praise things that are not worth praising.
Then some people fall into suffering.
Hey guys, I can smell it now!
That cigarette is too good, let me smoke it too!
with. That means we admire and follow.
All suffering has a cause.
My life is a cycle of painful consequences.
It's tough. There, we're still praising those things that...
Those worthy of praise are those with heavenly qualities.
and happiness. For example, there is a friend
I was smoking, and the other guy asked to come in and smoke.
This person said, "Never mind the house rules."
Abstain from smoking, abstain from anything at the temple.
Just one week. These two people have
Two pieces of advice and one person will rise.
and one person will go down.
That's the way we think about it.
I advise you
comply with regulations, or we will advise you accordingly.
Remove the regulation. Remember the person who gave that advice.
It's also a matter of fate, my friends. Have
Someone carry this bag for someone else.
Will I get arrested if I go out there?
Arrested. The person carrying the bag in a certain way
It was unintentional, but it was born out of love.
I feel sorry for this person who is so quiet. I'll carry it for you.
the bag, but unexpectedly there was something inside the bag.
drug. It all comes down to fate, you know.
My friend. The person's karma is from a previous life, but...
My destiny in this life is with this person.
empathize with what is wrong, those
That's illegal. For example, to say that
Uh, I know about that.
If getting the phone was this easy, I'd take it.
Let's finish this. That one cause, that one connection
That's all. Plus my prisoner status
In the past, if it existed, it only existed now.
This is an achievement. And if you
Forget about this relationship, forget about that one.
No achievements. To add to that is one
The saying "don't violate it" is also a form of punishment.
You can go. But it has these three levels. Grant
The first degree is that the person already has a prisoner, the prisoner of
We already have them, the victims of injustice.
We already have it.
That means, if you sowed the seeds in your previous life, you will reap the rewards in this life.
This is karma.
In this life, I'm paying the price for my unjustly accused appearance.
But injustice is not always due to a past life.
do. But then, by chance...
I may or may not switch.
transfer. In a particular situation, for example, it means
If only I knew it would be this easy to bring my phone in.
I brought my phone in. One
Another person said, "No, don't bring it in."
This violation is quite troublesome for everyone.
The female volunteers have worked hard.
It's me. You ladies have to take care of yourselves.
If you can't take care of yourself, you'll only cause trouble.
If others have to worry about me too...
not good. Making others worry about you.
That would be even worse. If this person exists
Past karma that deserves this life
If he is unjustly accused and imprisoned by the king, this friend will perish.
Immediately, eliminate this karma.
But this person is saying that person
Others said, "Yeah, I know that, then we..."
Bring it along next time if we have a retreat.
I'll hide. This person only said one thing.
That's all, guys. Then this person will
increase the karmic connection to repay the debt of karma.
past life. That means being falsely accused, that means being framed.
No. Because we still have the essence of being human.
Others must take care of themselves. As you all know.
Have you been here before? others have to get involved.
me. That means I bring my phone in.
Someone needs to be watching me. And the person who was
If we follow this, is this person the one?
Are they kind and good people? Is it a free man?
Are not? They are not free. There. So
So when getting married, when getting a husband or wife...
position. We went out together, and my wife just had some work to do.
This girl got beaten up by her husband.
match. So what did you say? You go get my wife.
There must be a problem.
It's not unfair, it's just due to many statements.
of myself
To rejoice in and praise unwholesome deeds.
So now, coupled with the consequences of our actions...
He worked hard in his previous life and only now has he succeeded.
It's all about being wrongly accused, my friends. You
Understood? Therefore, she hopes you will think critically.
Be very careful about this issue. Very carefully. The
When you get home, could you please watch that video for her?
I spoke with the real estate company the other day.
Five stars on Pham Thi Yen's Facebook page.
Tam Chieu Hoan Quan. She explained it very thoroughly.
about where we are
We begin to define responsibilities and
What are my obligations? And we
fulfill the responsibilities and obligations.
there. When we are always observing about
That's how we are. person of today
It will give us the fruits of our labor tomorrow.
Tomorrow we will sow the seeds of karma again.
The day after tomorrow we will be promoted by
It is dedication. That contribution is meaningful.
through the responsibilities, duties, and obligations of
Right here, in the present moment, guys.
She will give an example to help you understand.
For example, today I'm going to my friend's house to play.
Check my position as a friend.
Come to my house, play at my house. My obligations
What is that? Ask your parents about them. Friends
Duy, ask about your parents' health, and inform them.
Inform your parents so they can rest assured. Grandchildren
When you arrived, you and I were lovers.
How do you play? I'll help you out.
What, and the promise is that I will be with you.
Helping each other with their studies. So, that's it for me.
I've fulfilled my responsibility of going to their house.
Have you played with your parents yet?
That's all there is to it, folks. And yet they gave it to me.
It will come to me when I finish learning the art of attracting attention.
the right people need me.
position that is responsible for, has responsibility
complete responsibility for our work,
It belongs to someone else. Do you see? On one's own
But then people realize that they are asking for something.
He got the job but was very well-liked.
Those who came before us. But the feeling
Where was it born? Cause and effect. Cause and effect
where? I always observe the law of cause and effect.
myself, in terms of responsibility, duty, and obligation.
It will be born right within the present circumstances.
the affection that others have for you.
generating their success in these
your field. That's the secret. The
Do you understand? There.
That's the secret to becoming a better person.
Have
female
Job opportunities after graduation. That is
That's the secret! Just keep sowing the seeds.
Sow the seeds like that every year.
What you learn will be used in real life.
Tell me why I got the job so easily.
easy. Because throughout all four years of schooling,
Throughout my five years of schooling, I always observed myself.
In the present, my task is
present, responsibility in the present and
Fulfill your current responsibilities.
Don't go out today, go out with someone.
Who is my friend? I am a member,
I'm not the manager. Then
What does the manager manage about themselves? Me
Completed excellently for the manager.
I'm not managing myself. Do you see?
Is that an observation? That is one
the observation post. I'm going out to eat with my friends today.
What are my responsibilities? First of all
I have to make sure others get to eat.
Enjoy your drink, and I'll be considerate of others.
Others eat, so we eat together. That is
we always make it happen.
thinking. So, this way of thinking will lead to...
give us the human part that we must
Are not? The remaining portion is small. Therefore, it
This is an example of a phenomenon like smoking.
The medicine, and together they're also suffering from this.
The body's way of controlling thoughts is not self-mastery.
Okay. Do you understand? If only I had known, I would have brought it.
The phone also represents lust.
of the satchel. Sexual desire
I, with my desire to photograph human bodies,
What did you bring? Upload it. Now online
Facebook has many different forms.
currently. You can see it up there.
Are there many of them currently? Apply makeup to make it look real.
Once you're beautiful, what do you start with? Take a picture and upload it.
carnal desires, lust for the flesh
The human body still retains a large animalistic part. And now
Now there's also an online sales section.
My friend. Those girls took off all their clothes except for one.
Just two pieces, let's sell them quickly.
guest. You can see that phenomenon.
Are not?
Have. Therefore, people see that the society
The ideological aspect of the society is becoming increasingly distorted.
It gets shorter, and the child's part gets bigger.
So people use that to fish.
These are guests, folks. That's a way to attract customers. Position
She also really hopes that you guys in the
You can apply what you've learned during this retreat.
myself, conquer myself, conquer the
The animalistic part of me is right here. Let
We live and go wherever we want.
It also puts our ideology in the lead.
other people. The part of me that I have
Can you lead others?
What kind of leader would lead by
Is it part of the child? Or perhaps we need leadership.
by the human element?
That means we lead people.
What part should be taken from the leader?
The child's part. So she hopes you guys will win.
Just win with your own body. Difficult, but must be done.
By all means. In the practice of Buddhism by monks
The first teacher is to overcome desires.
personal desires. Overcoming desires
First, purify the body, then purify desires.
It's about your hearts, my friends. There
These teachers must not become addicted to this taste.
Sleeping soundly in this place, that body of yours...
My friend. Don't fall in love with this sleeping place, don't
Enjoying the stars to serve this body.
First comes the heart, my friends.
First, one must be attached to all sorts of things before reaching the heart.
Having overcome the demands of the body,
Having overcome the initial thoughts and intentions.
Only then can the mind become a complete person.
Winning both the animal and the animal? Mixing people
My friend. That is a victory over the world. Therefore
These are enlightened monks who are
That's a truly great person. Just give it a try.
Watching a sexual encounter of your friends should be a good idea.
Is it difficult for you to win?
We must win very decisively.
Guys. There, one illegal act by them.
You should know that winning is difficult.
Are not? Difficult. I want to bring my phone in.
Other people have phones, I don't.
Do you feel insecure about your phone?
Are not?
It's inherently insecure. There, people see each other.
They have a phone, I don't.
I naturally felt uneasy during the conversation, it's not like anyone else did.
I didn't hit anyone who insulted me. Not yet. Lust
It makes me feel insecure. Therefore, we must fight.
Overcome your own desires. You
See? Seeing victory. Therefore
During this retreat, she also hopes to...
You are the ones who have found and recognized that power.
strong personal desires. We must see
to satisfy one's own desires, to see
Only by harnessing its power can we...
Let's devise a method to defeat it, guys.
Yes. Do you want to be your own boss?
in all fields? Do you want to?
That's it, if you want to be your own boss in everything.
In the abyss, one must find the desires of
I have to fight against my own desires.
That is good. Which desire is unwholesome?
must be sufficient
Fight and overcome your desires.
good.
Only a good desire remained, at that moment.
Only we can be the ones to succeed.
That's how you truly focus, guys. Still
Otherwise, you won't win.
As for the negative aspects, you guys...
never focus on those ideas
I thought my plans would be realized.
and you will never win.
Okay. Officials lose their positions because of women.
Pretty. Do you see it? The king has passed away.
Does the country value women?
Yes. That's why he didn't fight.
to overcome the desires of
This body type is prone to failure, my friends.
Therefore, we must overcome greed.
personal desires. Is that clear to you all?
So she also explained the law of cause and effect.
like during a retreat, this time
It's short, but you guys didn't realize it.
To be consumed by bodily desires is called delusion.
In Buddhism, karma is greed, hatred, and delusion.
How many times have you heard these three words?
Not yet?
Si means not being able to recognize, it is called
si. Unable to distinguish between good and evil. Are not
To be able to distinguish good from evil, to be affected by evil.
When someone is swept away by something, it's called being carried away by the water.
It swept them away, guys. Humans do not
Unable to win, unable to control oneself.
It was very painful. She also said this.
That's all. There are also people who are
The money might be enough to live on, but because of each one...
Their greed for money is what makes them keep going.
Get involved and end up suffering. Have
Those who do evil deeds. Position
But they didn't stop. Ah, we're working.
It's not evil, but this money is enough to live on.
Already. Let's get back to normal work.
In order to survive. But because of this person
This greedy country, that greed...
It's too strong, it's turning into lust, desire.
unconditional. Therefore, they can be
They just keep being greedy and eating whatever they want.
Steal until the day you lose all your reputation.
Everyone who lives with me is in the same situation.
I realized that there was nothing left of me. That
It means they have no way back. The
Do you understand this part? So, guys...
We must detect it, not let it fester.
match. Do you understand? There you go. Today
What does si mean?
I can't distinguish or recognize them.
good and evil, unable to distinguish between good and evil.
Do not abandon evil and do good. Those are them.
We are being controlled by infatuation. And what about us?
We must recognize that this is good, this is...
evil. We must abandon evil and accomplish it.
Only through goodness can we overcome delusion.
profession. Do you understand? That's why I
I'm only now starting to feel less foolish. There
If I can control my greed, then I am less deluded.
Go. I control the court, which means I'm in control.
Let's go, guys! Gradually let go of greed and anger.
If we do that, then we will be happy. Therefore, she
We also hope and wish that the children will achieve this.
the results of karmic transformation
one of these retreats. First, the children
voluntarily and consciously transform that
The profession was restricted. Do you understand?
This is a husband-led oversight, a wife-led oversight.
family, friends, and friends should all keep their distance.
The prison controls the money; it controls it.
Fame is what restrains it. Is it difficult?
There you go. We discard the core
Others are restrained by self-discipline.
onion. Then I wish you all a pleasant retreat.
Success in cause and effect is achieved through these things.
The law of cause and effect: good deeds bring good fortune.
Yes. First of all, I would like to ask...
On behalf of all of you, here is a bouquet of flowers.
These fresh flowers are a gift I'd like to send to you, ma'am. And please, have a go.
Please rub your hands together really hard.
[music]
Yes.
She thanked Duc Anh and also thanked everyone.
Friend. That's what the Buddha taught in Buddhism.
This one.
The scent of flowers wafts in the wind.
wind. That means the flower emits a fragrance.
This will fly downwind. There is also fragrance.
of the flower that flies with the wind, flies
Flying against the wind, scattering everywhere. That is
The fragrance of a virtuous person.
She hopes that all of you here will...
We all become good people.
good, bringing happiness at least to
My family brings happiness to the community.
The group, and anyone with more ideas, can leave.
The practice of spiritual cultivation brings happiness to people.
Heaven and all living things.
Ms. A and her friend Duc Anh will guide you.
How do you get into the club?
Happy Love Club
Buddhist temple. And she will accompany them as well.
for those who share her views
that we must live in a way that brings benefit.
for the world. Even if that world is as small as...
My wife and I are also contributing to the world.
time. Then she
Please dedicate the merit of your actions to others.
Please, everyone, have a seat.
Straight up and facing forward in the yard.
deduction.
Homage to the Buddha Shakyamuni.
Dear Ms. Pham Thi Yen, Dharma name Tam
Chieu Hoan Quan, club president
The golden nation, the ten-fold harmony of the Six Harmonies on this day
now. The entire group of nearly 1000 participants in the retreat.
The third summer visit to Ba Vang Pagoda in 2018.
We are extremely fortunate and blessed.
when she came to interact and share with us.
We have a lot of knowledge.
Through this, we also promise to do our best.
The first thing to do is focus on the 7-day retreat.
Follow the rules and regulations and you will be rewarded.
I've learned so many useful lessons that I can apply.
into life and then return home.
become good citizens
The young Buddha was the future of his family and
society. We offer this to you, teacher.
Our deepest gratitude. Namo Buddha
Buddha Shakyamuni.
And she also looks forward to seeing you all after the session.
With this sharing from her, you will find
a love, a love that accompanies
career and family. You all agree.
Okay.
That's right, we don't have love.
suffering, love
He doesn't understand me, and I don't understand him.
They don't share the same career path. Now, please...
Please clasp your hands together and dedicate the merits to the cause.
vow
bring
merit
This
direction a towards all a
disciples and sentient beings
They all chose to become Buddhas.
religion.
She brought the bouquet of flowers to offer to Buddha as a token of gratitude.
guiding you to become what you aspire to be.
You will become the patron saint of the Germans.
Happy birthday! Amitabha Buddha.
Yes. Please all join us.
get up and stand up to